Total number of articles searched: 3310
Include criteria: [['Patients diagnosed with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen'], ['Administration of grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy tablets'], ['Comparison group receiving placebo or no treatment'], ['Improvement in symptoms such as nasal congestion, sneezing, and itching'], ['Randomized controlled trials with a minimum follow-up period of 1 year']]
Exclude criteria: [['Children under 5 years old', 'Patients with severe allergic reactions to grass pollen', 'Patients with comorbid conditions affecting immune system'], ['Use of different forms of grass pollen allergen immunotherapy', 'Use of oral immunotherapy instead of sublingual tablets'], ['Patients receiving concurrent treatment with corticosteroids or antihistamines', 'Use of placebo instead of active treatment'], ['Assessment of long-term efficacy beyond 12 months', 'Assessment of quality of life outcomes in addition to symptom improvement'], ['Non-randomized controlled trials', 'Case reports or case series']]
High burden of respiratory allergy in children warrants early identification and treatment with allergen immunotherapy; Respiratory allergy often begins in childhood and most commonly manifests as allergic rhinitis (upper airways) and/or asthma (lower airways). Children with upper respiratory allergy often suffer from coexisting asthma, and other comorbidities ranging from gastrointestinal disorders to emotional/mental health disorders. Consequently, the disease burden is considerable and profoundly impacts a child's daily life. Early identification and appropriate management are important to reduce disease burden, lower the risk of disease progression and additional comorbidities, and protect the child's future well-being. A window of opportunity for halting disease progression may open in the early stages of allergic disease and underlines the importance of early diagnosis and treatment of children at risk. This review offers advice on identifying children with a high disease burden who would benefit from early intervention. Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) modifies the cause of respiratory allergy and prevents disease progression. In clinical practice, AIT could be considered as an early treatment for eligible children, to achieve long-term symptom control and disease modification.
Escherichia coli heat-labile enterotoxin B subunit as an adjuvant of mucosal immune combined with GCRV-II VP6 triggers innate immunity and enhances adaptive immune responses following oral vaccination of grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella); The grass carp reovirus (GCRV) is the most major pathogen that has threatened the grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) industry of China for years. Though the oral vaccine has many advantages, the current vaccines still do not provide complete protection. Therefor the exploration of new preventive strategies is urgently needed. In this study, heat-labile enterotoxin B subunit of Escherichia coli (LTB) was combined with VP6 from GCRV type II (GCRV-II) via Lactococcus lactis expression system to form a potent oral vaccine and determines if fusion of LTB to the protective vaccine antigen can enhance protection in the fish. The expression of recombinant protein was confirmed by Western-blotting and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The rare minnow was set as the model for the evaluation of the experiment administrated orally. The immune response including the antibody titer and the immune-related gene expression, and the protective efficacy which included the virus loaded and the relative protection, were thoroughly investigated after the trial. The results indicated that LTB can significantly elicit a higher neutralizing antibody responses and enhanced T-cell priming, activities and proliferation in mononuclear cells from intestine, spleen and kidney tissues when compared to the VP6 vaccine alone. Moreover, the combined adjuvant can significantly up-regulate type I interferon signaling in different immune organs, especially the mucosa associated lymphoidtissue which could not be induced by VP6 along, result in the contribution of the improvement in adaptive immune responses of the fish. In addition, challenge study showed that LTB combined VP6 could greatly improve the relative percent survival of the fish during the virus infection. These results highlight that LTB has the potential value to be a mucosal adjuvant of the fish, approaching for improving the efficacy of vaccination against GCRV-II, which does elicit both non-specific and specific immune responses.
A 300 IR 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet-specific systematic review and meta-analysis confirms its clinical benefits for patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma; Background: In the realm of allergen immunotherapy (AIT), the quality of evidence varies across different products, making it unjustifiable to extend overall conclusions to all AIT products, as highlighted by WAO and EAACI. Objective: To confirm the efficacy of the 300 IR 5-grass pollen sublingual AIT (SLIT)-tablet through a specific meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving patients with allergic rhino-conjunctivitis (ARC) with/without mild/intermittent asthma. Methods: Data from published RCTs on the 300 IR 5-grass SLIT-tablet were gathered from electronic databases (MEDLINE, ISI Web of Science, LILACS, the Cochrane Library and ClinicalTrial.gov) and manual searches up to November 2023. Populations, treatments, and outcome data were combined. Efficacy was assessed based on symptom score (SS) and medication score (MS), measured as standardized mean difference (SMD) or mean difference (MD). Results: Results from 5 RCTs comprising 1468 patients revealed a significant reduction in SS (SMD, −0.36
HOUSE DUST MITE SUBLINGUAL IMMUNOTHERAPY TABLET FOR ALLERGIC RHINITIS/RHINOCONJUNCTIVITIS IN MONOSENSITIZED AND POLYSENSITIZED CHILDREN; Introduction: Patients with allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis (AR/C) are often sensitized to multiple allergens (polysensitized), and there is evidence suggesting that polysensitized patients may have more severe symptoms than monosensitized patients. This analysis aimed to determine the efficacy of the house dust mite (HDM) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet in monosensitized and polysensitized children who participated in a phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (NCT04145219). Methods: Children ages 5-11 years with HDM AR/C, with or without asthma, received daily HDM SLIT-tablet or placebo for ≈52 weeks. Subjects had free access to symptom-relieving medications. Sensitization at baseline was determined by skin prick test. The primary endpoint was the average total combined rhinitis score (TCRS
Mucosal IFNλ1 mRNA-based immunomodulation effectively reduces SARS-CoV-2 induced mortality in mice; RNA vaccines elicit protective immunity against SARS-CoV-2, but the use of mRNA as an antiviral immunotherapeutic is unexplored. Here, we investigate the activity of lipidoid nanoparticle (LNP)-formulated mRNA encoding human IFNλ1 (ETH47), which is a critical driver of innate immunity at mucosal surfaces protecting from viral infections. IFNλ1 mRNA administration promotes dose-dependent protein translation, induction of interferon-stimulated genes without relevant signs of unspecific immune stimulation, and dose-dependent inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 replication in vitro. Pulmonary administration of IFNλ1 mRNA in mice results in a potent reduction of virus load, virus-induced body weight loss and significantly increased survival. These data support the development of inhaled administration of IFNλ1 mRNA as a potential prophylactic option for individuals exposed to SARS-CoV-2 or at risk suffering from COVID-19. Based on the broad antiviral activity of IFNλ1 regardless of virus or variant, this approach might also be utilized for other respiratory viral infections or pandemic preparedness.
Polysensitisation is associated with more severe symptoms: The reality of patients with allergy; Background: Studying the sensitisation profiles of patients with allergies allows for a deeper understanding of the disease which may facilitate the selection of the best-personalised allergen immunotherapy. This observational, cross-sectional, multicentre study aimed to demonstrate the heterogeneity of the German population with allergies by analysing specific immunoglobulin E (sIgE) patterns towards aeroallergens and exploring the relationship between sensitisation and clinical symptoms. Methods: In total, 500 patients with allergies from different regions of Germany were recruited based on their case histories, clinical allergic symptoms and skin prick test data for aeroallergens. Serum samples were analysed using ImmunoCAP assays to determine sIgE levels for 33 allergenic sources and 43 molecular allergens. Results: Most patients (81%) were polysensitised. Betula verrucosa pollen was the most common cause of sensitisation (59%), followed by Phleum pratense (58%) and Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (44%). The highest prevalence rates of molecular allergens were observed for Bet v 1 (84%) from birch pollen, Phl p 1 from grass pollen (82%), Der p 2 (69%) from mites and Fel d 1 (69%) from cat. Polysensitisation was significantly associated with the presence of asthma and the severity of rhinitis symptoms. Conclusions: Our findings show a high rate of polysensitisation and emphasise the importance of molecular diagnosis for more precise and comprehensive insights into sensitisation patterns and their association with clinical symptoms. These data may help improve personalised diagnosis and immunotherapy adapted to the needs of individual patients in the region.
Clinical validation of grass pollen exposure chamber in patients with allergic rhinitis triggered by timothy grass; Background: The fluctuation in concentrations of airborne allergens frequently presents a challenge to assessing the efficacy of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in ‘field’ studies. Allergen exposure chambers (AECs) are specialized medical installations developed to expose individuals to allergens at defined and consistent concentrations under a controlled environment. The aim of the study was to validate the provocation test with timothy grass pollen as well as to assess its safety in the AEC in patients with allergic rhinitis. Methods: In the ALLEC® AEC, varying concentrations of timothy grass pollen were dispersed. Allergic symptoms were measured by total nasal symptom score (TNSS), acoustic rhinometry, peak nasal inspiratory flow (PNIF) and nasal discharge volume. Lung function, assessed through peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) and forced expiratory volume in the first second (FEV1), was used to evaluate safety. Results: The consistency of the test was proved by the stability of environmental conditions, including temperature, humidity and CO2 levels, as well as constant concentrations of grass pollen at predetermined levels ranging from 1000 to 10,000 particles per cubic meter (p/m3). Allergic individuals developed symptoms at concentrations of 3000 p/m3 and above, across all measured endpoints. Lung function was not affected throughout all the challenges. The reproducibility of symptoms was confirmed throughout the tests. The concentration of 8000 p/m3 together with a challenge duration of 120 min was found to be optimal. Conclusion: The study demonstrates that the ALLEC® grass pollen exposure chamber provides a reliable and safe method for inducing repeatable symptoms in patients with allergic rhinitis. This approach can be effectively applied for allergy diagnostics and clinical endpoint determination during AIT.
Consistent efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy tablets across allergens and geographic regions; Background: The clinical development program of the SQ grass, ragweed, tree, and house dust mite (HDM) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets for allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) included clinical trials conducted in North America, Europe, and Japan. Objective: Data from these trials were analyzed to assess efficacy, immunologic mechanisms, and safety outcomes across allergens and geographic regions. Methods: Thirteen phase III, double-blind, placebo controlled trials in the subjects with AR/C were conducted in North America, Europe (including Russia), and Japan (N = 7763 analyzed). Trials were generally similar with respect to medical practice, target population, eligibility criteria, and efficacy and safety monitoring. Data were analyzed for the approved doses in North America and Europe. Four statistical models were used to enhance comparison of the efficacy end points among the trials. Results: The SLIT-tablets demonstrated consistent efficacy across allergens and regions, regardless of the statistical analysis used. Relative improvement in the primary efficacy end point compared with placebo by using the predefined protocol analysis ranged from 17.9% to 32.8%, 17.5% to 19.3%, 20.6% to 38.3%, and 39.6% with the grass, HDM, ragweed, and tree SLIT-tablets, respectively. The kinetics of specific immunoglobulin E (IgE) and IgG4 responses were similar among the allergens and regions. Local application-site reactions were the most common adverse events for all allergens and in all regions. Most treatment-related adverse events for all allergens and in all regions were mild in severity. The rate of systemic allergic reactions was similar across regions (0%–0.54%). Conclusion: Confirmatory phase III trials for SLIT-tablets in the treatment of AR/C showed consistent efficacy, immunologic, and safety outcomes across allergens and geographic regions.
SQ sublingual immunotherapy tablets for children with allergic rhinitis: A review of phase three trials; Aim: To provide paediatricians with a summary of efficacy and safety of SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets from phase three, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis, with and without asthma. Methods: PubMed searches were conducted and unpublished data were included if necessary. Results: Of the 93 publications, 12 were identified reporting 10 trials. One trial was excluded as paediatric-specific efficacy data were unavailable. The nine eligible trials evaluated grass, house dust mite, ragweed and tree SLIT tablets. Consistent reductions in allergic rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and medication use were observed with SQ SLIT tablets versus placebo. In a five-year trial, sustained reduction of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms, asthma symptoms and medication use were observed with SQ grass SLIT tablet versus placebo. The number-needed-to-treat to prevent asthma symptoms and medication use in one additional child during follow-up was lowest in younger children. SQ SLIT tablets were generally well tolerated across trials. Conclusion: Evidence supports use of SQ SLIT tablets in children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis, with and without asthma. Long-term data demonstrate disease-modifying effects of SQ grass SLIT tablet and suggest the clinical relevance of initiating allergy immunotherapy earlier in the disease course.
Sublingual Tablet Immunotherapy Improves Quality of Life in Adults With Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis can negatively impact many aspects of quality of life (QoL). The efficacy and safety of standardized quality (SQ) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets have been confirmed across large clinical trials in adults with grass, tree, ragweed, and house dust mite (HDM) allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis. Objective: This pooled analysis investigates whether the reduction in symptom burden found across the clinical trials is supported by improvements in QoL. Methods: A total of 11 phase II/III randomized placebo-controlled trials across the SQ grass, tree, ragweed, and HDM SLIT tablets (grass: N = 3179
Allergen Immunotherapy: The Evidence Supporting the Efficacy and Safety of Subcutaneous Immunotherapy and Sublingual Forms of Immunotherapy for Allergic Rhinitis/Conjunctivitis and Asthma; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a recognized key therapeutic modality for the treatment of allergic respiratory disease. Definitive studies have provided evidence-based data to demonstrate its effectiveness in allergic rhinitis and asthma due to the inhalation of proteinaceous allergic substances from specific seasonal pollens, dust mites, animal allergens, and certain mold spores. Over the ensuing decades, laboratory investigations have provided objective evidence to demonstrate immunologic changes, including production of protective IgG antibody, suppression of IgE antibody, upregulation of regulatory T cells, and induction of a state of immune tolerance to the offending allergen(s). Tangential to this work were carefully designed clinical studies that defined allergen dose and duration of treatment, established the importance of preparing extracts with standardized allergens (or well-defined extracts) based on major protein moieties, and used allergen provocation models to demonstrate efficacy superior to placebo. In the United States, the use of subcutaneous immunotherapy extracts for AIT was grandfathered in by the Food and Drug Administration based on expert literature review. In contrast, sublingual tablet immunotherapy underwent formal clinical development programs (phase I-III clinical trials) that provided the necessary clinical evidence for safety and efficacy that led to regulatory agency approvals for the treatment of allergic rhinitis in properly characterized patients with allergy. The allergy specialist's treatment options currently include traditional subcutaneous AIT and specific sublingual tablets approved for grass, ragweed, house dust mites, trees belonging to the birch-homologous group, and Japanese cedar. Tangential to this are sublingual drops that are increasingly being used off-label (albeit not approved by the Food and Drug Administration) in the United States. This article will review the evidence-based literature supporting the use of these forms of AIT, as well as focus on several current controversies and gaps in our knowledge base that have relevance for the appropriate selection of patients for treatment with specific AIT.
Key Factors for Success or Failure in AIT Trials; Introduction The first randomized controlled trial (RCT) of subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy was conducted in 1954 by William Frankland, who successfully demonstrated the superiority of grass pollen extract over placebo. In 1986, the first doubleblind, placebo-controlled sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) study was conducted on patients with allergic rhinitis caused by house dust mites, which showed a reduction in nasal symptoms to house dust mites after active treatment. While recent large systematic reviews have confirmed the efficacy of both subcutaneous and sublingual allergen immunotherapy for treating rhinitis and asthma, there is significant variation in the results of individual studies. Meta-analyses of AIT studies also reveal considerable heterogeneity. Although the outcome of a randomized clinical trial relies on the effectiveness of the active compound, there are other factors that can influence the results of an AIT trial. The aim of this presentation is to discuss potential factors that may contribute to the success of an AIT study. Possible Factors Influencing the Outcome of an AIT Trial The primary endpoint The success of an AIT trial is determined by meeting the primary endpoint, making it a crucial factor. Although there are instances where trials have demonstrated efficacy on secondary endpoints, while failing to meet the primary endpoint, it emphasizes the importance of selecting the optimal endpoint. For AIT phase III trials involving rhinitis patients, there is a general consensus that a total symptom-medication score should serve as the primary endpoint. Despite its widespread use, the symptom medication score has not yet undergone validation. Additionally, there should be agreement on what constitutes a clinically relevant difference between active treatment and placebo. One approach to estimate the clinical significance of study results is by employing a validated outcome measure that incorporates a minimal clinically important difference (MCID). For instance, the rhinitis and asthma quality of life questionnaires (RQLQ and AQLQ) have frequently been utilized as secondary outcome measures in AIT trials. However, employing the MCID introduces a critical consideration. The MCIDs have been established for longitudinal follow-up of in-patients. Consequently, for the MCID to be appropriately applied, the RCT must include a baseline season. Finally, it is important to note that while meeting the primary endpoint confirms the efficacy of the active treatment, the failure to meet the endpoint does not necessarily negate a treatment effect. Numerous other factors can influence the outcome of the study, potentially jeopardizing its results. The study population To be eligible for inclusion in AIT trials, patients must be sensitized to the allergen being evaluated. Additionally, a relevant medical history that aligns with the sensitization is required. It is evident that room for improvement is necessary for a successful trial. Post-hoc analyses have revealed a clear correlation between the severity of rhinitis observed in study participants and the magnitude of the effect size. Patients with mild symptoms may not experience further benefits from active treatment. Power of the study A well-designed and adequately powered study is essential for reliable results. However, in a survey of 46 subcutaneous (SCIT) and 48 sublingual (SLIT) double-blind, placebocontrolled randomized immunotherapy trials, it was found that 33% of SCIT studies and 27% of SLIT studies did not report a power analysis. Underpowering has been suggested as one of the reasons for a negative sublingual AIT study involving asthmatic children. In particular, when comparing two active treatments, such as SCIT versus SLIT, a power calculation becomes crucial. Quality of the tested agent From a regulator's perspective, the product to be tested should have undergone a comprehensive series of investigations pertaining to its characterization, potency, and stability. These studies should be done using validated procedures. An important factor contributing to ineffective treatment could be insufficient allergen content in the tested agent. When comparing extracts from different manufacturers, a wide variation in allergen content can be observed. In a study investigating the allergen content of grass pollen preparations for sublingual immunotherapy, significant differences were found between the immunotherapeutics with the lowest and highest maintenance doses. These differences amounted to a factor of 31 for protein, 26 - 60 for allergen (depending on the serum pool used), and up to 108 for daily Phl p 5 dosages variations in allergen content can easily account for the heterogeneity in study results often observed in AIT trials. One issue is that the potency of allergen extracts is typically tested using in-house procedures by manufacturers, which renders comparisons impossible. Exposure to the culprit allergen during the assessment phase It is evident that without adequate natural allergen exposure, a study evaluating the efficacy of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is likely to yield unsuccessful results. Such studies are not often published, but a few examples are available. It is evident that pollen immunotherapy should be monitored during the pollen season. However, the consideration of peak exposure to house dust mites (HDM) when designing a trial is less clear. Although fluctuations in HDM exposure are less pronounced, higher levels of Der p1 have been observed from August to October compared to January to May in some countries. Should a seasonal effect of house dust mite exposure considered? Large placebo effects AIT studies are known to exhibit a significant placebo effect. A survey conducted in 2013 revealed that the average placebo effect in five SCIT trials amounted to 41%. In a field study involving cat peptides, the active treatment group demonstrated a 61% reduction in symptoms, while the placebo group showed a comparable reduction of 59.5%. Similarly, a field study with HDM peptides faced a placebo effect of around 40%, which was comparable to the effects observed with three different active treatment doses. Notably, large placebo effects are common, even in successful AIT studies. Successful phase II versus failing phase III Studies Results from phase II and III studies can differ due to variations in study design, making them not entirely comparable. For instance, a phase II study may have been conducted using an allergen exposure chamber, while a phase III study is conducted in a normal field setting. The patient population may also differ, or a well-designed phase II study may be followed by a poorly designed phase III study. Conclusion There are several factors that contribute to the success or failure of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) assessing the efficacy of AIT. While a successful trial provides confirmation of the efficacy of the AIT product, determining the causes of failure can be considerably more challenging. Essentially, failure does not necessarily negate the efficacy of the tested product. Other factors unrelated to the actual efficacy of the active compound can influence trial outcomes. Study design, inadequate allergen exposure during monitoring, inclusion of inappropriate patients, and selection of inappropriate endpoints can all lead to negative study results that do not accurately represent the true efficacy of the tested agent. Especially when a successful phase II trial is followed by the failure of phase III studies, it is crucial to analyse factors that may negatively impact the outcomes of the latter studies. A significant barrier to understanding the reasons behind unsuccessful phase III trials and negative trials, in general, is the lack of published data. Investigators should be encouraged to publish their negative trials, and journal editors should recognize the value of such reports. In addition, it is crucial to ensure that information regarding negative trials is accessible and documented in trial registers.
FDA Perspective on Environmental Exposure Chamber (EEC) Data in the Clinical Development of Allergenic Products; In 2011, the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) within the FDA convened an Allergenic Products Advisory Committee (APAC) to discuss the approach to evaluating efficacy of aeroallergen immunotherapy, primarily in the setting of field (or natural exposure) studies. APAC was asked to deliberate on efficacy endpoints, statistical criteria for clinically meaningful treatment response, and the potential for data from an environmental exposure chamber (EEC study) to inform efficacy. EECs, which are closed units or facilities designed to administer stable and reproducible allergen levels to multiple individuals simultaneously, have been utilized to characterize onset of action of drugs and to assess dose ranging effects. Of interest, aeroallergen levels in EECs often exceed doses found in the real world setting by a wide range (i.e., 5- to 500-fold greater). There are numerous EECs across North America, Europe, and Asia, which have been in development for over 30 years. Most are stationary sites, but a few are mobile and can be set up in, for example, an empty warehouse. Parameters such as size, geometry, and air flow may vary among the EECs. For these reasons, EEC studies are generally conducted in a single center. A typical EEC study collects symptom scores from allergic subjects in increments of 15 to 30 minutes over several hours. Because exposures are identical among subjects, EEC studies of fewer than 100 subjects are often adequately powered to detect a treatment response. In contrast to EEC studies, field studies, in which symptom and medication scores are recorded daily in subjects' natural environments over weeks or months, have multiple centers and may require more than a thousand subjects to be adequately powered to detect an allergen-specific treatment effect. The advantages of EEC studies include their highly controllable nature and ability to assess an allergen-specific response in numerous individuals in the same setting. The limitations are that endpoints are assessed in an artificial setting, isolated from clinically relevant factors, such as presence of other aeroallergens, variability of exposure to aeroallergens due to individuals' lifestyle and behavior, and anti-allergic medication use. The advantage of the field study design is that efficacy of an AIT product is evaluated within real world conditions and addresses the question of does the allergenspecific therapy improve symptoms and medication dependence in often polysensitized individuals. The disadvantages of field studies include its sensitivity to unknown factors, such as variable pollen counts over time and by region and to confounders such as polysensitization, variable thresholds of individuals to take medication, and the burden of daily reporting and retrospective reporting, which can obscure the therapeutical signal and complicate the interpretation of the resulting efficacy data. Although the defined experimental conditions of the EEC allow for direct assessment of the effect of specific AIT, the resulting data may not reflect the efficacy of the product under “real world” conditions that individuals experience during actual product use. Based on these considerations, APAC concluded that EEC data should serve a supportive role. The first FDA approved SLIT product, ORALAIR®, the five-grass pollen extract for sublingual use, was licensed in 2014. Demonstration of effectiveness was based on four Phase 3 field studies and a Phase 2 EEC study. The efficacy results from all 5 studies were similar in magnitude. In accordance with the recommendations from the 2011 APAC, the field data primarily demonstrated effectiveness of ORALAIR and EEC data supported the field study data (see Section 14 of the ORALAIR U.S. package insert). The impact of EEC data in the interpretation of the totality of the efficacy data was greater for ODACTRA®, the house dust mite allergen extract tablet for sublingual use. Demonstration of efficacy was based on two Phase 3 field studies and a Phase 2 EEC study (see Section 14 of the ODACTRA U.S. package insert). Rather than substituting for field studies, EEC studies have evolved to be part of a hybrid design in which the same subjects are first studied in an EEC, and then in an abbreviated field study, which is one approach to advance the role of EEC data. A hybrid study design allows for direct evaluation of efficacy data obtained in an EEC compared to the field in the same population. Recent hybrid studies of birch pollen have observed varying degrees of positive correlation between symptoms elicited in an EEC and those reported during birch pollen season. Study design features that can potentially increase the robustness of EEC data include the use of EEC sessions with placebo at baseline and duplicate EEC sessions at multiple time points. Other approaches to overcome the limitations of the EEC study design include, but are not limited to, hybrid study assessments for other seasonal and perennial aeroallergens, titrating down aeroallergen levels so that they are closer to those encountered in the natural environment, and demonstrating clinical relevance of EEC data (e.g., defining a durable treatment response based on minimal clinically important thresholds for symptom scores). Conceptually and based on this experience, the FDA may consider hybrid ECC-field trials for product development of environmental allergy immunotherapy. .
Benefit and Limitations of Apps and eHealth Wearables in Allergen Immunotherapy; Introduction Web applications (apps), wearables and other personal monitoring devices can improve the management of allergic conditions. They can also enable the registration of their treatment, including allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Although thousands of apps are retrievable from the net, just a handful have been assessed scientifically. Therefore, there is a need for evidence-based and user- centred mHealth apps. mHealth apps can have a variety of features including medication reminders, educational content, games, symptom diaries, electronic sensors and/ or patient self-tracking dashboards. Other emerging features include voice recognition, wearable technology, pollen (and pollutant) sensors and virtual reality. However, few of these features have been tested in AIT. We will review data from studies assessing mHealth apps and will apply these data to the AIT context. Retrospective cohort assessments of prescription databases will not be considered. Some examples of mHealth apps in AIT AllergyMonitor® is an online service that was developed in 2009. It fully complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) [1]. AllergyMonitor aims to (i) enable the recording of clinical symptoms, drug use and adherence/persistence to AIT and (ii) monitor the efficacy of sublingual or subcutaneous AIT by patients with allergic rhino-conjunctivitis and/or asthma. Regarding AIT, an AllergyMonitor study assessed 46 physicians, including 18 allergy specialists and 28 general practitioners. The aim was to assess whether the use of an mHealth e-diary improved AIT prescriptions. The authors observed that the use of the app (along with information from componentresolved diagnosis) was associated with increased hypothetical AIT prescriptions, with its potential being recognised by physicians [2]. The AllergyMonitor ® app was also found to improve the precision in diagnosing pollen allergy, using daily symptom monitoring and graphical representations of airborne pollen data [3]. MASK-air® is a mobile health app that assesses the daily control of allergic rhinitis and asthma. Freely available since 2015 on the Apple App and Google Play Stores, it is currently available in 27 countries. MASK-air is classified as a Good Practice of DG Santé for digitallyenabled, patient-centred care in rhinitis and asthma multimorbidity [4]. It is one of the 13 Best Practices of OECD in integrated care for chronic diseases [5]. It is also MDR Class IIa registered and fully complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Several cross-sectional and longitudinal mHealth studies have been carried out in AIT. The first AIT study involved 317,176 days of 17,870 MASK-air users (11% reporting AIT). Days of users treated with AIT displayed a lower median global allergy symptoms visual analogue scale (VAS) than those of users not treated with AIT. This study had relevant limitations since comparisons between days with vs. without AIT were not clustered by patient, not adjusted for potential confounders and did not take different products and application routes of AIT into account [6]. Therefore, a subsequent study assessed only grass pollen allergic patients from 10 European countries (42,756 days from 1,093 patients). The VASs (global allergy symptoms and work) and the CSMS (combined symptom medication scores) were analysed. This study applied (i) clustering of observations by users, countries and seasons and (ii) adjustment for patients' sex, age and comorbidities (presence of asthma and conjunctivitis). Patients treated with sublingual AIT (tablets) displayed a lower global allergy symptoms VAS, work VAS and CSMS when compared to patients treated with subcutaneous AIT or not receiving AIT. Observed results were robust to analyses stratified by country or by pollen season [7]. Consistent findings were observed when assessing the impact of allergic rhinitis in academic productivity [8]. Patients using AIT had an improved school productivity (VAS school, WPAI-AS). Several hypotheses can be postulated to explain this finding, from the effectiveness of AIT to the importance of differences in AIT types. In another study on 269,837 days from 10,860 MASK-air users, AIT was associated with a decrease in allergy symptoms in certain medication schemes (oral antihistamines and intranasal corticosteroids). However, this did not apply for other treatments, particularly oral antihistamines and intranasal corticosteroids. Nevertheless, we pooled SCIT and SLIT and different data may have been observed if the two forms of administration had been analysed separately [9]. Benefits of digital biomarkers in AIT One of the proposed benefits of apps includes the ability to longitudinally collect symptoms, medication usage and AIT data. This enables the detection of changes during treatment. Data from external sources, including weather, allergen load and air quality reports, can be integrated. Overall, mHealth data are important as [10]: • The allergen exposure is not constant throughout the season and patients often travel. In RCTs, an estimation of the pollen season is available in regions. Geolocalised patients using mHealth report symptoms and medications, and this information can be combined with that from daily individual pollen and pollution exposure. • Observational studies can triangulate RCTs. • The real-life approach allows a large number of patients to be analysed in several studies. • Most patients using AIT need a pharmacologic treatment. In RCTs, there is a standardisation of medication use. Real-life data enable the assessment of all medications actually used by patients. This enables the assessment of their impact on efficacy and costs. • Rare allergens can be studied. • The placebo effect can be reduced by comparing exposed and non-exposed days. • Cost-effectiveness can be available. • The European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) is supporting further scientific developments of these measures by installing a Task Force group of key stakeholders in the field. This Task Force has already elaborated a Position Paper under revision by the EAACI ExCom on minimal requirements for clinical and scientific applications. Limitations Several limitations exist for mHealth apps [11], especially when they involve AIT. • It should be noted that crosssectional mHealth studies can only be used to generate new hypotheses. Such hypotheses should then be tested in future experimental and classical observational prospective studies using a “hybrid” approach. • The population tested is closer to the general population than to patients in RCTs. However, mHealth users are not coherent and, as such, do not represent the whole scope of the “real-life” general population. • The quality of the studies using mHealth in allergic diseases is highly heterogeneous and the number of robust trials is still low. Moreover, validation studies of mHealth tools are almost inexistent. Aimed to pave the way for future improvement, EAACI has prioritised this topic and is supporting a Task-Force initiative.
Quantifying the benefits of early sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablet initiation in children; Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the upper airway, which progresses into allergic asthma (AA) in up to 45% of children. This analysis aimed to investigate clinical and economic benefits of sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT tablets) initiated early in childhood for the treatment of AR by quantifying the long-term reduction in new cases of AA. Methods: A Markov model was developed to estimate the long-term effects of SLIT tablets on the risk of developing asthma. Key parameters were primarily based on data from the GRAZAX® Asthma Prevention trial and included the age- and treatment-dependent risk of developing AA as well as annual probabilities of progression/remission in AR severity. Healthcare costs were estimated using data from the REACT study. Results: In a modelled cohort of children with moderate-to-severe seasonal AR initiated on SLIT tablets at ages 7 and 12, 24% and 29%, respectively, develop AA during a 20-year period. In comparison, when initiated at age 5, 19% develop AA. Additionally, initiation of SLIT tablets at age 5 is associated with a total healthcare cost of EUR 20,429 per patient, whereas initiation at ages 7 and 12 is associated with, respectively, EUR 21,050 and EUR 22,379 per patient 20 years after AR diagnosis. Conclusion: Initiation of SLIT tablets in early childhood is associated with a clinically meaningful and permanent reduction in new cases of AA and lower healthcare costs among children with AR. This finding supports the clinical relevance of initiating SLIT tablets early for children with AR to obtain long-term clinical benefits.
Durvalumab impacts progression-free survival but not local control in patients with inoperable NSCLC stage III: Real-world data from the Austrian radio-oncological lung cancer study association registry (ALLSTAR); Background: Unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) UICC III comprises a range of diseases, which entails a variety of treatment approaches. The fact that only 2% of the patients are eligible for prospective randomized control trials poses the question in how far the knowledge gained by these studies reflects daily clinical practice. ALLSTAR is a registry intended to document the real-world clinical practice at the beginning of the widespread use of immunotherapy, especially Durvalumab, for this multi-faceted disease entity. Methods: Patients were eligible if they had pathologically verified unresectable NSCLC stage III with a curative treatment option. Chemo-radiation combined with immunotherapy was performed according to local treatment practices at each centre. The co-primary endpoints were progression-free survival (PFS) with a focus on local control (LC) as well as toxicity. Results: Between March 2020 and April 2023, the day of data extraction for the current analysis, 12/14 (86%) Austrian radiation-oncology centres recruited 188 patients with a minimum follow-up of 3 months (median: 15.1
Tolerability of sublingual versus vestibular allergy immunotherapy tablet administration: A randomized pilot study; Background: Local application site reactions are common with sublingual allergy immunotherapy (AIT)-tablets for the treatment of allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) and occasionally lead to treatment discontinuation. Because of the lower mast cell density in the vestibular mucosa than the sublingual area, vestibular AIT-tablet administration may result in fewer adverse events (AEs). This pilot study evaluated the tolerability of the vestibular administration route of AIT-tablets compared with the sublingual route in adult subjects with AR/C. Methods: Adults (n = 164) aged 18–65 years with AR/C treated with daily birch pollen, grass pollen, ragweed pollen or house dust mite AIT in tablet form were randomized 1:1 to vestibular or sublingual administration for 28 days, followed by 28 days of sublingual administration only. The primary endpoint was the severity (mild, moderate, severe) of local treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) during the first 28 days of treatment. Results: During the first 28 days, the percentage of subjects in the vestibular and sublingual groups reporting mild TRAEs were 55.6% versus 50.6%, respectively
Peripheral blood mononuclear cell transcriptome profile in a clinical trial with subcutaneous, grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy; Introduction: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the only disease-modifying treatment in allergic airway diseases. Underlying immunological mechanisms and candidate biomarkers, which may be translated into predictive/surrogate measures of clinical efficacy, remain an active area of research. The aim of this study was to evaluate Pollinex Quattro (PQ) Grass AIT induced immunomodulatory mechanisms, based on transcriptome profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Methods: 119 subjects with grass pollen induced seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) were randomized in a 2:2:1:1 ratio to receive a cumulative dose of PQ Grass as a conventional or extended pre-seasonal regimen, placebo, or placebo with MicroCrystalline Tyrosine. Gene expression analysis was an exploratory endpoint evaluated in a subgroup of 30 subjects randomly selected from the four treatment arms. Samples were collected at three time points: screening (baseline), before the start of the grass pollen season and at the end of the season. This study was funded by the manufacturer of PQ. Results: Transcriptome analysis demonstrated that the most significant changes in gene expression, for both treatment regimens, were at the end of the grass pollen season, with the main Th1 candidate molecules (IL-12A, IFNγ) upregulated and Th2 signature cytokines downregulated (IL-4, IL-13, IL-9) (p <.05). Canonical pathways analysis demonstrated Th1, Th2, Th17 and IL-17 as the most significantly enriched pathways based on absolute value of activation z-score (IzI score ≥ 2, p <.05). Upstream regulator analysis showed pronounced inhibition of pro-inflammatory allergic molecules IgE, IL-17A, IL-17F, IL-25 (IL-17E) (IzI score ≥ 2, FDR < 0.05) and activation of pro-tolerogenic molecules IL-12A, IL-27, IL-35 (EBI3) at the end of the grass pollen season. Conclusion: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells transcriptome profile showed an inhibition of Th2, Th17 pro-inflammatory allergic responses and immune deviation towards Th1 responses. PQ Grass extended regimen exhibited a superior mechanistic efficacy profile in comparison with PQ conventional regimen.
Epinephrine Administration in Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablet Trials is Rare in Children; Rationale: Anaphylaxis is a rare event associated with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet treatment. Epinephrine is a first-line treatment for anaphylaxis. The epinephrine use in pediatric subjects with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis participating in SLIT-tablet clinical trials is described. Methods: Data from 9 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled (RDBPC) grass SLIT-tablet trials, 1 RDBPC ragweed SLIT-tablet trial, and 2 RDBPC house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet trials for allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis that included children (<18 y) were evaluated. Subjects received daily treatment with placebo or grass SLIT-tablet (2800 BAU dose) for up to 3 years, with ragweed SLIT-tablet (12 Amb-a 1-U dose) for up to 28 weeks, and with HDM SLIT-tablet (12 SQ-HDM dose) for 1 year. Epinephrine autoinjectors were provided in 4 of the trials. Results: Overall, 1637 children received SLIT-tablets, and there were 3 epinephrine administrations related to SLIT-tablet treatment for an event rate of 0.2% (3/1637 subjects). The rate of epinephrine administrations related to grass SLIT-tablet was 0.3% (3/923 subjects), to ragweed SLIT-tablet was 0.0% (0/513 subjects), and to HDM SLIT-tablet was 0.0% (0/201 subjects). The corresponding rates of epinephrine administrations for placebo were 0.2% (2/895 subjects), 0.2% (1/509 subjects), and 0% (0/194 subjects), respectively. Only 1 of the 3 epinephrine administrations related to SLIT-tablet treatment was for a systemic allergic reaction
Efficacy and Safety of House Dust Mite Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablet for Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis in Subjects ≥50 Years; Rationale: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets are FDA-approved up to age 65 years. Previous analyses of grass and ragweed SLIT-tablet trials indicate that patients ≥50 years manifest an adequate immunological response and clinical effect from SLIT-tablet treatment similar to younger adults. This post hoc analysis evaluated the efficacy, immunologic response, and safety of house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablets in adult subjects aged <50 or ≥50 years. Methods: Efficacy data were pooled from 2 previously described randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in subjects with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C). The primary endpoint in the trials was the total combined rhinitis symptom and medication score (TCRS) during the last 8 weeks of treatment. Immunology and safety data were pooled from 4 and 5 AR/C or asthma trials, respectively. All data were analyzed in subjects aged 18 to <50 and ≥50-65 years. Results: The TCRS versus placebo with HDM SLIT-tablet improved 17.6% (95% CI, 10.2%, 24.5%) in subjects <50 years (n=652) and 18.0% (95% CI, 0.3%, 32.8%) in subjects ≥50 years (n=112). Increases in allergen-specific IgG4 and IgE from baseline were similar in both age groups. The percentages of subjects <50 and ≥50 years reporting any treatment-related adverse events were 68% and 61%, respectively. Conclusions: Efficacy and immunological changes with HDM SLIT-tablets in subjects ≥50 years are consistent with younger subjects, suggesting an adequate immunological and clinical response in older patients. The adverse event frequency was similar between the age groups.
Grass Allergy and Risk of Anaphylaxis During Subcutaneous Immunotherapy; Rationale: Anaphylaxis is a rare but dangerous potential side-effect during subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Limited studies have examined whether build-up of SCIT doses during grass allergy season increases the risk of anaphylaxis for patients receiving SCIT. Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients receiving SCIT at large Academic Institute in Portland, OR, was performed between the years 2020-2022. Simple descriptive statistics were utilized to compare the rates of anaphylaxis during or outside of grass allergy season in the Pacific Northwest. We considered grass allergy season from April-July. Results: Out of 118 patients receiving SCIT with grass allergy, 66 (55.9%) were female, 48 male (40.7%), 2 (1.7%) non-binary and 2 (1.7%) declined to disclose. Average age was 40.7 years (range 8-77). 5 received epinephrine for anaphylaxis in 2020 with 3 during grass season, 0 in 2021, and 8 in 2022 with 5 during grass season, for a total of 13 anaphylactic events. Ten (76.9%) anaphylactic events occurred in women and women were more likely to have anaphylaxis than men (OR 4.1). Anaphylaxis occurred more often during grass allergy season (8/13, 61.5%) and if still on build-up during grass allergy season (6/8, 75%). Conclusions: Anaphylaxis was more common during grass allergy season in those on SCIT, among women, and those titrating up on their dosing. For those with grass allergy, allergists in Northwest Oregon may need to consider maintaining a patient’s current SCIT dosing once grass allergy season starts to lower the risk of anaphylaxis from SCIT.
Response to Immunotherapy in Eosinophilic Esophagitis; Rationale: While the association between eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) and allergic rhinitis is well established, it remains unclear whether subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) has a role in the treatment and management of these patients. We aimed to compare characteristics and treatment outcomes in patients with EoE who were on SCIT with those not on SCIT. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study at the UNC Medical Center (UNCMC) and Allergy Partners (AP). Chart review was performed on a subset to collect symptom frequency, maximum eosinophil count, EGD data, medications, dietary elimination, and SCIT content. Our cohort includes children and adults of age 0-99. Results: We found 936 patients at AP with EoE on SCIT and 72 patients at UNCMC from 2008 to 2023. Symptom duration prior to diagnosis of EoE was shorter in the EoE group as compared to the EoE on SCIT (7.3 vs 13.8 years). Grass pollens were the most common allergens included in SCIT. Patients with EoE on SCIT had a higher rate of atopic disease. Any topical steroid use was similar in both groups (42% and 47%). Histological response was also similar. No increase adverse effects were noted in the EoE on SCIT cohorts. Conclusions: We report the largest number of patients with EoE and allergic rhinitis receiving SCIT. Previous studies have been underpowered and this current data suggests SCIT could be a helpful adjunct for some EoE patients with allergic rhinitis. Importantly, these data suggest use of SCIT is not associated with worsening of EoE.
Safety Profile of Grass, Ragweed, and House Dust Mite Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets in Children and Adolescents; Rationale: Allergy immunotherapy is the only disease-modifying treatment for allergic rhinitis and/or conjunctivitis (AR/C). This analysis evaluated the safety of grass, ragweed, and house dust mite (HDM) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets for AR/C in children and adolescents across the clinical development program. Methods: Data for the grass SLIT-tablet are pooled from 9 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled (RDBPC) trials that included children and adolescents ages 4-17 years (n=923 received daily 2800 BAU dose), for the ragweed SLIT-tablet are from 1 RDBPC trial in children and adolescents ages 5-17 years (n=513 received daily 12 Amb a 1-U dose), and for the HDM SLIT-tablet are from 2 RDBPC trials that included adolescents ages 12-17 years (n=201 received daily 12 SQ-HDM dose). The presence of known SLIT adverse events (AEs) was actively solicited in the ragweed trial and 1 HDM trial. Results: The proportion of pediatric subjects with treatment-related AEs (TRAEs) was 60% with grass SLIT-tablet, 66% with ragweed SLIT-tablet, and 79% with HDM SLIT-tablet. Nearly all (≥98%) TRAEs were assessed as mild or moderate in severity. Across all 3 SLIT-tablets, most TRAEs were local application site reactions
Future Directions of Allergen Immunotherapy for Allergic Rhinitis: Experts’ Perspective; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is broadly used all over the world as the only available disease-modifying treatment option. The aim of this experts’ perspective is to address 7 important unmet needs for the further direction of AIT and to provide the readership with the authors’ positions on these topics. An international group of experts in the field of AIT have formulated 7 important aspects for the future position of AIT, performed a current literature review, and proposed a consented position on these topics. The aspects discussed and consented by the authors include: (1) alternative routes of allergen application in AIT, (2) potential of recombinant vaccines, (3) the role of allergy diagnosis based on component-resolved diagnosis for AIT composition, (4) the impact of COVID-19 vaccination for further innovations in AIT, (5) potential of combining biologics to AIT, (6) future innovations in high-risk children/adolescents, and (7) the future regulatory position on AIT. Important unmet needs and topics for AIT have been addressed in this expert review. The authors’ views and personal position on these 7 aspects have also been elaborated.
Grass pollen allergen immunotherapy: Safety and efficacy profile; Introduction: Respiratory allergies to grass pollens are very widespread in the general population and the treatment is generally symptomatic which sometimes remains insufficient. Grass pollen allergen immunotherapy is currently the only etiological treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis apart from allergenic eviction. Aim: The aim was to study the effectiveness of sublingual ITA tablets with 5-grasses on allergic disease and describe the adverse effects after one year of treatment. Methods: We conducted a prospective, descriptive and evaluative study including 40 patients suffering from grass pollen allergic rhinitis. A grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy was received and patients were followed during a one-year treatment to study the efficacy and the safety profile. Results: The mean age was 30.9 ± 12.25 years. The sex ratio (M/F) was 0.48. Allergic conjunctivitis was associated in 70% and allergic asthma was associated in 48% of cases. Allergen immunotherapy side effects were mild, consisting of local side effects. No severe side effects were observed. A decrease in allergic rhinitis symptoms was observed in 83% with improvement in medication score in 65%. All patients noted a decrease in conjunctivitis symptoms with a total regression in 54% of cases. A better asthma control was noted in 33%. Among the 19 patients suffering from asthma, we could decrease the drug use in 63% of cases during the first year of treatment. An improvement of the quality of life was observed in 78% of cases. Allergen immunotherapy was significantly more efficient in allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis with patients under 30 years old. Conclusion: Grass pollen allergen immunotherapy leads safely to the regression of allergy symptoms and improves the therapeutic load and the quality of life.
First in vitro and in vivo evaluation of recombinant IL-1β protein as a potential immunomodulator against viral infection in fish; IL-1β is an important proinflammatory cytokine with multifaceted modulatory roles in immune responses. In fish, recombinant IL-1β has been employed in the control of bacterial diseases, while the antiviral mechanisms of IL-1β remain largely unknown, and the efficacy of recombinant IL-1β as an immunomodulator to prevent viral diseases is still not determined. This study evaluated the immunomodulatory effects of recombinant grass carp IL-1β against grass carp reovirus (GCRV) in vitro and in vivo. Firstly, the mature form (Ser111-Lys270) of grass carp IL-1β was identified, and its recombinant protein (designated as rgcIL-1β) was prepared through prokaryotic expression. Then, an in vitro evaluation model for rgcIL-1β activity was established in the CIK cells, with the appropriate concentration (600 ng/mL) and effect time (1 h). In vitro, rgcIL-1β could not only induce the production of proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-1β, IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-α but also a series of antiviral factors including IFN-1, IFN-2, IFN-γ, and ISG15. Mechanistically, transcriptome analysis and western blotting confirmed that rgcIL-1β activated multiple transcriptional factors, including NF-κB, IRF1, IRF3, and IRF8, and the signal pathways associated with inflammatory cytokines and antiviral factors expression. Expectedly, rgcIL-1β treatment significantly inhibited GCRV replication in vitro. In vivo administration of rgcIL-1β via intraperitoneal pre-injection significantly aroused an antiviral response to restrict GCRV replication and intense tissue inflammation in grass carp, demonstrating the immunomodulatory effects of rgcIL-1β. More importantly, rgcIL-1β administrated with 10 ng/g and 1 ng/g could improve the survival rate of grass carp during GCRV infection. This study represents the first time to comprehensively reveal the immunomodulatory and antiviral mechanisms of IL-1β in fish and may also pave the way for further developing recombinant IL-1β as an immunotherapy for the prevention and control of fish viral diseases.
Prevention Is Better than Cure: Impact of Allergen Immunotherapy on the Progression of Airway Disease; Allergen immunotherapy is highly effective for seasonal pollinosis. Three years of treatment results in long-term efficacy. This disease modification is accompanied by downregulation of allergen-specific Th2 responses and the induction of persistent specific IgG- and IgA-associated IgE-blocking activity. In children with seasonal rhinitis, both subcutaneous and sublingual pollen immunotherapy have been shown to reduce the development of asthma symptoms and asthma medication requirements. House dust mite tablet allergen immunotherapy has been shown to be effective for perennial mite–driven rhinitis in adults and children and may suppress asthma exacerbations, whereas its long-term efficacy has yet to be explored. The success of primary prevention of peanut allergy in childhood by introduction of peanut into the diet during infancy provides a strong rationale to explore whether primary prevention of inhalant allergies and asthma may also be possible. House dust mite allergy is a major risk factor for developing asthma. Preliminary data in at-risk children suggest that sublingual house dust mite immunotherapy initiated during infancy could reduce the onset of multiple allergen sensitizations and prevent the development of asthma at age 6 years. This possibility should now be explored in an adequately powered, prospectively randomized controlled trial.
Anaphylaxis in Clinical Trials of Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets; Background: There is no consensus method to identify anaphylaxis in sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) trials. Standardized Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) queries (SMQs) are standardized groupings of MedDRA terms used in drug safety monitoring. Objective: To develop a method to identify potential anaphylaxis in SLIT-tablet trials using SMQ searches and case definitions of anaphylaxis adopted from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease. Methods: The SMQ search tool contained 2 criteria including treatment-emergent adverse events (AEs): (1) narrow MedDRA terms related to anaphylaxis and (2) all AEs with broad MedDRA terms from at least 2 of 3 categories (respiratory/skin/cardiovascular) occurring on the same day. Criteria were applied to a pooled data set of all subjects from 48 timothy grass, ragweed, house dust mite, and tree SLIT-tablet trials (SLIT-tablet, N = 8200
Allergen Immunotherapy for Asthma; Allergen immunotherapy is a disease-modifying treatment for IgE-mediated allergies reducing disease burden and symptoms in patients with allergic rhinitis, with or without asthma. The growing evidence that allergen immunotherapy also has the potential to facilitate achieving asthma control in patients with allergic asthma resulted in its acknowledgment by international bodies (Global Initiative for Asthma and European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology) as add-on treatment for mild/moderate asthma. Although there have been promising developments in biomarkers for patient selection and for allergen immunotherapy efficacy evaluation in patients with asthma, a lot more data are still required.
The KAAACI Guidelines for Sublingual Immunotherapy; Allergen immunotherapy is regarded as the only disease-modifying treatment option for various allergic conditions, including allergic rhinitis and asthma. Among the routes of administration of allergens, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has gained clinical interest recently, and the prescription of SLIT is increasing among patients with allergies. After 30 years of SLIT use, numerous pieces of evidence supporting its efficacy, safety, and mechanism allows SLIT to be considered as an alternative option to subcutaneous immunotherapy. Based on the progressive development of SLIT, the current guideline from the Korean Academy of Asthma, Allergy, and Clinical Immunology aims to provide an expert opinion by allergy, pediatrics, and otorhinolaryngology specialists with an extensive literature review. This guideline addresses the use of SLIT, including 1) mechanisms of action, 2) appropriate patient selection for SLIT, 3) the currently available SLIT products in Korea, and 4) updated information on its efficacy and safety. This guideline will facilitate a better understanding of practical considerations for SLIT.
Grass pollen allergoids conjugated with mannan for subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy: a dose-finding study; Background: Polymerized allergoids conjugated with mannan represent a novel approach of allergen immunotherapy targeting dendritic cells. In this study, we aimed to determine the optimal dose of mannan-allergoid conjugates derived from grass pollen (Phleum pratense and Dactylis glomerata) administered via either the subcutaneous or sublingual route. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with a double-dummy design was conducted, involving 162 participants across 12 centers in Spain. Subjects were randomly allocated to one of nine different treatment groups, each receiving either placebo or active treatment at doses of 500, 1,000, 3,000, or 5,000 mTU/mL over four months. Each participant received five subcutaneous (SC) doses of 0.5 mL each, every 30 days, and a daily sublingual (SL) dose of 0.2 mL. Participants who received active treatment through SC, received placebo through SL. Participants who received active treatment through SL, received placebo SC. One Group, as control, received bot SC and SL placebo. The primary efficacy outcome was the improvement in titrated nasal provocation tests (NPT) at the end of the study compared to baseline. Secondary outcomes included specific antibody (IgG4, IgE) and cellular (IL-10 producing and regulatory T cell) responses. All adverse events and side reactions were recorded and assessed. Results: Post-treatment, the active groups showed improvements in NPT ranging from 33% to 53%, with the highest doses showing the greatest improvements regardless of the administration route. In comparison, the placebo group showed a 12% improvement. Significant differences over placebo were observed at doses of 3,000 mTU/mL (p=0.049 for SL, p=0.015 for SC) and 5,000 mTU/mL (p=0.011 for SL, p=0.015 for SC). A dose-dependent increase in IgG4 was observed following SC administration, and an increase in IL-10 producing cells for both routes of administration. No serious systemic or local adverse reactions were recorded, and no adrenaline was required. Conclusion: Grass pollen immunotherapy with mannan-allergoid conjugates was found to be safe and efficacious in achieving the primary outcome, whether administered via the subcutaneous or sublingual routes, at doses of 3,000 and 5,000 mTU/mL. Clinical trial registration: https://www.clinicaltrialsregister.eu/ctr-search (EudraCT), identifier 2014-005471-88
Sublingual immunotherapy tablets in monosensitized and polysensitized adults with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Most patients with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) are sensitized to more than one allergen. An ongoing question is the efficacy of single-allergen immunotherapy in patients who are polysensitized. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of grass, ragweed, tree, and house-dust mite (HDM) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets in adults with AR/C who are mono- or polysensitized. Methods: Data from adults (ages ≥ 18 years) with AR/C who participated in phase III double-blind, placebo controlled field trials (four grass, two ragweed, two HDM, one tree) were included in the post hoc analyses. Efficacy was assessed by the total combined score (TCS) (sum of AR/C daily symptom and medication scores) during the entire pollen season for grass and tree trials, and peak pollen season for ragweed trials versus placebo. Efficacy for the HDM SLIT-tablet was assessed by the total combined rhinitis score (TCRS) (sum of rhinitis daily symptom and medication scores) during the last 8 weeks of treatment versus placebo. Results: For the grass SLIT-tablet, TCS improved by 20% (mean difference 1.33 [95% confidence interval {CI}, 0.44–2.22]) in the subjects who were monosensitized (n = 442) and 20% (mean difference 1.28 [95% CI, 0.90–1.67]) in the subjects who were polysensitized (n = 1857). For the ragweed SLIT-tablet, TCS improved by 19% (mean difference 1.72 [95% CI, -0.20 to 3.63]) in the subjects who were monosensitized (n = 115) and 27% (mean difference 2.27 [95% CI, 1.28–3.27]) in the subjects who were polysensitized (n = 528). For the tree SLIT-tablet, TCS improved by 54% (mean difference 4.65 [95% CI, 2.48–6.82]) in the subjects who were monosensitized (n = 138) and 34% (mean difference 2.51 [95% CI, 1.34–3.69]) in the subjects who were polysensitized (n = 437). For the HDM SLIT-tablet, TCRS improved by 20% (mean difference 1.24 [95% CI, 0.48–1.99]) in the subjects who were monosensitized (n = 468) and 17% (mean difference 0.85 [95% CI, 0.43–1.28]) in the subjects who were polysensitized (n = 1294). The overall safety profile was not qualitatively different between the subjects who were monosensitized and the subjects who were polysensitized. Conclusion: Grass, ragweed, tree, or HDM SLIT-tablet treatment is effective for the specific allergen in question in adults with AR/C and who are monosensitized or polysensitized. Targeting one relevant allergen with SLIT-tablets induces a clinical effect for that allergen in patients who were polysensitized.
Retrospective, Real Life Study on the Effectiveness and Safety of a Depigmented-Polymerized Subcutaneous Vaccine Containing a Mixture of Grasses and Olea europaea; Introduction: Allergen immunotherapy is the only modifying treatment of the natural course of respiratory allergic diseases
Potency testing of allergoids: Development of immunological test systems for quantification of cross-linked, aluminum hydroxide-adsorbed medicinal products; IgE-mediated allergic disorders can be treated with allergen immunotherapy (AIT) inducing immunomodulation via repeated administration of the causative allergen. In order to reduce allergenicity in AIT products, natural allergen extracts can be chemically cross-linked to generate an allergoid, which is adsorbed to aluminum hydroxide to enhance immunogenicity. Currently, only a limited number of assays are suitable for batch release testing of these products at the level of the final product. Accordingly, determination of allergoid content in aluminum-adsorbed formulations represents a considerable option to ensure quality, safety, and efficacy of AIT products. These tests would be a valuable tool for a more comprehensive assessment of batch-tobatch consistency and may allow for comparability of allergoid AIT products from different manufacturers. One prerequisite for development of such an Allergoid Content Assay (ACA) is the identification of suitable primary antibodies. Specificity of rabbit α-grass allergoid sera or a commercially available α-Phl p 5 monoclonal antibody (mAb) that binds to a species-specific epitope present on timothy grass allergen was determined by isoelectric focus (IEF) and Western immunoblotting. High specificity of the tested primary antibodies was identified and confirmed their suitability for the intended immunoassay. Applicable experimental conditions were defined for the ACA resulting in high signal intensities and a dose-dependent signal. The performance of the ACA for quantitative allergoid analysis in the final product was demonstrated, with high specificity as revealed by low or no non-specific signals against other AIT products (from birch, mite or alder) using either rabbit α-grass allergoid sera or α-Phl p 5 mAb, respectively. In addition, the ACA is suitable for demonstrating batch-to-batch consistency and comparability of grass AIT products from different manufacturers. The results of the quantitative allergoid analysis of three different grass AIT products revealed a comparable allergoid content. In contrast, use of the mAb demonstrated productspecific differences in composition with respect to the amount of Phl p 5 in the analyzed products. Taken together, the ACA is suitable to quantify immunologically active modified proteins in complex with aluminumhydroxide, a prerequisite for routine batch release testing and contribute to ensure quality, safety and efficacy of AIT and other immunotherapy products.
TAPAS - a long-term non-interventional study evaluating MCT (MicroCrystalline Tyrosine)-associated allergoids shows non-inferiority of clinical effectiveness in children compared to adults during a 3-year course of allergen immunotherapy; Background: The primary objective of TAPAS (Tyrosine Allergoid Pediatric and Adult Study) is to evaluate clinical effectiveness of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in children compared to adults with allergic rhinitis, as an identical dosing regimen is used. Long-term effects after perennial treatment with subcutaneous glutaraldehyde-modified and microcrystalline tyrosine-associated allergoids (MATA) are investigated to support this practice. Methods: Patients aged 5 years and older who were treated with MATA for their al- lergy to grass or birch, alder and hazel pollen could be included in the study prior starting AIT. During the treatment phase (3 years) daily symptom scores and medication usage during the respective pollen seasons (PS) were collected over 4 weeks via an eDiary and quality of life (QoL) was examined using a standardized questionnaire. Furthermore, at start and during the study (outside the PS), patients retrospectively reported about severity and frequency of their allergic/asthma symptoms during the previous PS. Results: 129 children/adolescents and 191 adults were included between November 2020 and May 2022. In this interim analysis, the primary endpoint, the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS), collected over 3 consecutive pollen seasons showed no significant difference between adults and children/adolescents. Comparison of the median CSMS between the 1st and the 3rd PS under treatment revealed a significant reduction by -14% (p = 0.03) in the adult cohort (children/adolescents: -12%, p = 0.4). Further, a significant decrease in the rhinoconjunctivitis score after 2 years of treatment compared to baseline could be shown for children/adolescents (-60%, p < 0.001) and adults (-50%, p < 0.001), as well as in the asthma score (children/adolescents: -33%, p = 0.001
Meta-analysis of primary endpoint of Grass MATA MPL field studies with optimized dose and treatment regimen of PQ Grass 27600 SU; Rationale: PQ Grass 27600 SU is a modified broad spectrum grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product using MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (MCT) and Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL) as adjuvant system. Two highly comparable randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled field studies with PQ Grass 27600 SU have been recently completed to support a marketing authorisation application. Here, we report on the integrated primary endpoint results using a meta-analysis approach. Methods: A common effects metaanalysis [1] was applied and justified due to the similarity of study designs, study populations, primary endpoint definitions (i.e., the EAACI recommended combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) [2]) and statistical analysis methods. These were the only 2 field studies performed with the same optimized cumulative dose of PQ Grass 27600 SU, both conducted simultaneously in the EU and US to evaluate efficacy and safety of PQ Grass 27600 SU in patients (18 - 65 years of age inclusive) with seasonal allergic rhinitis ascribed to grass pollen exposure. Results: In total 647 subjects with allergic conjunctivitis and/or rhinitis were included in this meta-analysis. The homogeneity of the data for the meta-analysis approach was also statistically confirmed (heterogeneity test p = 0.21). The results of this meta-analysis showed a clinically relevant and highly statistically significant treatment effect for the primary endpoint CSMS during the the peak grass pollen season (P-GPS). Conclusions: PQ Grass 27600 SU is an innovative short-course allergen-specific SCIT product applying a potent adjuvant system. The two field studies with PQ Grass 27600 SU included in the meta-analysis were highly comparable and demonstrated a clinically relevant and statistically significant integrated primary endpoint result, supporting the marketing authorisation application of PQ Grass 27600 SU.
Positive outcome of the pivotal Phase III study with PQ Grass 27600 SU, a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product using MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (MCT) and Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL) as adjuvant system; Rationale: PQ Grass 27600 SU is a modified broad spectrum grass allergen SCIT product using MCT & MPL as adjuvant system. During development phase of PQ Grass, the optimal cumulative dose (OCD) of 27600 SU was established in Phase II dose finding1 based on a highly statistically dose-response relationship with plateau formation. ED50 was identified at 2900 SU and the currently marketed formulation of 5100 SU demonstrated significant efficacy representing 81% of the theoretically possible effect (ED81). Interestingly, almost identical outcomes were observed for the birch product of this platform2 (OCD=27300 SU, ED50=2723 SU, ED83=5100 SU). Following a first explorative phase III field study3, we report the results of primary & secondary outcome of the RESONATE study conducted to support a marketing authorisation application. Methods: RESONATE was a Phase III randomised doubleblind, placebo-controlled clinical study in US & EU to evaluate efficacy & safety of PQ Grass 27600 SU in patients (18 to 65 years) with seasonal allergic rhinitis ascribed to grass pollen. Primary endpoint was the EAACI recommended combined symptom & medication score (CSMS4) during peak grass pollen season (P-GPS). Key secondary endpoints were symptom & medication score, the CSMS during the entire grass pollen season, Rhinitis quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ), IgG4 & safety. Results: 555 pts with allergic conjunctivitis and/or rhinitis were randomized to PQ Grass 27600 SU (278 patients) or placebo (277 patients) & 507 (91.4%) completed all 6 injections. CSMS over the P-GPS demonstrated a statistically significant improvement of 20.3% (p = 0.0002) compared to placebo. Consistently, the secondary endpoints demonstrated significant superiority of PQ Grass 27600 SU. Furthermore, a statistically significant improvement in RQLQ (p = 0.0003) was observed, indicative of a clinically meaning improvement in quality of life. Similarly, immunogenicity of PQ Grass 27600 SU was shown by a ∼6-fold increase in IgG4 compared to placebo (p < 0.0001). PQ Grass 27600 SU was generally safe and well tolerated with no unexpected safety signals. Conclusions: PQ Grass 27600 SU is an innovative short-course allergen-specific SCIT product with 6 injections per treatment year. RESONATE is the first state-of-the-art Phase III SCIT trial to reach both a clinically relevant and statistically significant primary outcome and beneficial secondary efficacy results for an AIT product under the TAO.
Clinical relevance of pre- and coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a 300 index of reactivity 5-grass SLIT tablet in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: There is considerable interest in improving the scoring methods for evaluating the efficacy of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) and to show if this is associated with clinically meaningful results from the patient's perspective. We aimed to assess the efficacy and clinical relevance of a 300 index of reactivity (IR) 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet in children, adolescents and adults with moderate to severe grass-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) with or without controlled asthma using the combined symptom and medication score CSMS0-36. Methods: The data of the European population that participated in 3 Phase III, international, randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials were analyzed post hoc. Results: A total of 864 patients randomized to 300 IR 5-grass tablet or placebo were analyzed. Over the primary evaluation period, the difference in CSMS0-36 between the 300 IR and placebo groups was statistically significant (point estimates: −2.51, CI95% [−3.88
Clinical efficacy in one-year treatment with Artemisia annua-SLIT drops in monosensitized and polysensitized individuals; Purpose: Seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SARC) caused by Artemisia seriously affects patients' quality of life in northern China. This study aimed to estimate further the efficacy and safety of a one-year course of Artemisia annua-sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on SARC patients. Materials and methods: This was an open-label, randomized, controlled, single-centre study involving 150 SARC patients induced by Artemisia, randomized to SLIT group (n = 75, SLIT along with pharmacotherapy) or control group (n = 75, pharmacotherapy only). According to the skin prick test (SPT) results, the SLIT group was divided into monosensitized and polysensitized groups to analyze the influence of sensitization status on the efficacy of Artemisia annua-SLIT. The clinical indicators of this study were total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (TRSS), total medication score (TMS), combined scores of medication and rhinoconjunctivitis symptom (CSMRS), and score of visual analog scale (VAS). Safety was evaluated by the occurrence of adverse events (AEs). Daily administration of the drops was recorded in diaries by the patients. Results: After nearly one year of treatment and follow-ups, there was a significant decline in TRSS, TMS, CSMRS, and VAS from the baseline scores in the SLIT group (p < 0.001). However, as pollen counts increased in 2022, indicators above in the control group increased significantly during the peak pollen phase (PPP) in 2022 grass pollen season (GPS) compared to the baseline. Meanwhile, we found no significant difference in TRSS, TMS, CSMRS, and VAS between the monosensitized and polysensitized groups (p > 0.05). Moreover, the result indicated that the clinical improvement in TRSS, TMS, CSMRS, and VAS was still observed in polysensitized patients who were allergic to Artemisia pollen and sensitized to house dust mite (HDM) (n = 15) in PPP of 2022, compared to the baseline value (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Artemisia annua-SLIT was proven effective, tolerable and safe in patients with SARC after nearly one year of treatment, whether monosensitization or polysensitization.
Nasal and blood transcriptomic pathways underpinning the clinical response to grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a well-established disease-modifying therapy for allergic rhinitis, yet the fundamental mechanisms underlying its clinical effect remain inadequately understood. Gauging Response in Allergic Rhinitis to Sublingual and Subcutaneous Immunotherapy was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of individuals allergic to timothy grass who received 2 years of placebo (n = 30), subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) (n = 27), or sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) (n = 27) and were then followed for 1 additional year. Objective: We used yearly biospecimens from the Gauging Response in Allergic Rhinitis to Sublingual and Subcutaneous Immunotherapy study to identify molecular mechanisms of response. Methods: We used longitudinal transcriptomic profiling of nasal brush and PBMC samples after allergen provocation to uncover airway and systemic expression pathways mediating responsiveness to AIT. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01335139, EudraCT Number: 2010-023536-16. Results: SCIT and SLIT demonstrated similar changes in gene module expression over time. In nasal samples, alterations included downregulation of pathways of mucus hypersecretion, leukocyte migration/activation, and endoplasmic reticulum stress (log2 fold changes −0.133 to −0.640, false discovery rates [FDRs] <0.05). We observed upregulation of modules related to epithelial development, junction formation, and lipid metabolism (log2 fold changes 0.104 to 0.393, FDRs <0.05). In PBMCs, modules related to cellular stress response and type 2 cytokine signaling were reduced by immunotherapy (log2 fold changes −0.611 to −0.828, FDRs <0.05). Expression of these modules was also significantly associated with both Total Nasal Symptom Score and peak nasal inspiratory flow, indicating important links between treatment, module expression, and allergen response. Conclusions: Our results identify specific molecular responses of the nasal airway impacting barrier function, leukocyte migration activation, and mucus secretion that are affected by both SCIT and SLIT, offering potential targets to guide novel strategies for AIT.
Short-course subcutaneous treatment with PQ Grass strongly improves symptom and medication scores in grass allergy; Background: A modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product with MicroCrystalline Tyrosine and monophosphoryl lipid-A as an adjuvant system (Grass MATA MPL [PQ Grass]) is being developed as short-course treatment of grass-pollen allergic rhinitis (SAR) and/or rhinoconjunctivitis. We sought to evaluate the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) of the optimized cumulative dose of 27,600 standardized units (SU) PQ Grass in a field setting prior to embarking on a pivotal Phase III trial. Methods: In this exploratory, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial subjects were enrolled across 14 sites (Germany and the United States of America). Six pre-seasonal subcutaneous injections of PQ Grass (using conventional or extended regimens) or placebo were administered to 119 subjects (aged 18–65 years) with moderate-to-severe SAR with or without asthma that was well-controlled. The primary efficacy endpoint was CSMS during peak grass pollen season (GPS). Secondary endpoints included Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire standardized (RQLQ-S) and allergen-specific IgG4 response. Results: The mean CSMS compared to placebo was 33.1% (p =.0325) and 39.5% (p =.0112) for the conventional and extended regimens, respectively. An increase in IgG4 was shown for both regimens (p <.01) as well as an improvement in total RQLQ-S for the extended regimen (mean change −0.72, p =.02). Both regimens were well-tolerated. Conclusions: This trial demonstrated a clinically relevant and statistically significant efficacy response to PQ Grass. Unprecedented effect sizes were reached for grass allergy of up to ≈40% compared to placebo for CSMS after only six PQ Grass injections. Both PQ Grass regimens were considered equally safe and well-tolerated. Based on enhanced efficacy profile extended regime will be progressed to the pivotal Phase III trial.
Wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis: subtypes, diagnosis, and management; Wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis (WDEIA) is an IgE-mediated food allergy with allergic symptoms ranging from intermittent urticaria to severe anaphylaxis that occurs when wheat ingestion is combined with augmenting cofactors such as exercise, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or alcohol. In most cases, patients are identified by sensitization to ω5-gliadins in the gluten fraction of wheat. ω5-gliadin-negative subtypes of WDEIA are often difficult to diagnose and may be caused by Tri a 14 (wheat lipid transfer protein), after percutaneous sensitization with hydrolyzed wheat proteins, or, in rare cases, by cross-reactivity to grass pollen. Diagnosis is established based on the patients’ history in combination with serum IgE profile, skin testing, basophil activation tests, and challenge tests with cofactors. Individual dietary counselling remains the central pillar in the management of WDEIA patients. A completely wheat-free diet is a possible option. However, this appears to promote tolerance less than continued regular consumption of gluten-containing cereals in the absence of cofactors. All patients should have an emergency set for self-treatment including an adrenaline autoinjector and receive adequate instruction. More data are needed on sublingual immunotherapy for WDEIA, a potentially promising therapeutic prospect. This article provides an overview of current knowledge on the diagnosis and management of WDEIA including an optimized challenge protocol using wheat gluten and cofactors.
A 5-Year Open-Label Follow-up of a Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial of Intralymphatic Immunotherapy for Birch and Grass Allergy Reveals Long-term Beneficial Effects; BACKGROUND: Intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) is a novel, faster alternative to conventional allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Few previous studies have evaluated its long-term effects. The objective of the present study was to complete a 5-year follow-up of a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial of ILIT for a combination of birch and grass allergens. METHODS: Fifty-eight patients with allergic rhinitis were treated with either placebo or a combination of ALK Alutard Birch and Grass 1000 SQ-U administered in 3 intralymphatic injections at 1-month intervals. A year after the vaccination, the symptoms induced by nasal provocation were significantly reduced. After 5-6 years, 20 out of 26 actively treated patients were followed up with a nasal provocation test (NPT) and seasonal registration of the combined symptom and medications score (CSMS), IgE and IgG4 levels in blood, and immunological markers in blood and lymph nodes and compared with 13 unvaccinated controls. RESULTS: The reduction in the NPT response with ILIT at year 1 could not be convincingly reproduced at year 5. The new CSMS scores were markedly lower among the previously treated patients than among the control group. Furthermore, grass-specific IgG4 was increased, grass-specific IgE decreased, FcεR1 on basophils was reduced, and the fraction of memory T-cells in lymph nodes increased. CONCLUSION: The combination of seasonal clinical data and immunological parameters supports the notion of a long-lasting effect of ILIT. These data support the concept of ILIT as a good alternative to traditional AIT in pollen-induced allergic rhinitis.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of grass pollen specific immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis compared to the standard of care symptomatic treatment in Portugal; Background. Cost-effectiveness studies evaluating allergen immunothera-py (AIT) in children are scarce. We aim to compare the cost-effectiveness of subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) against stan-dard-of-care (SOC) treatment in children with grass pollen allergic rhinitis. Methods. We created a Markov model to compare the three strategies over a 10-year horizon. SOC was the reference to calculate the incremental cost-ef-fectiveness ratio (ICER). Deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analysis were used to assess models’ uncertainty. Results. We obtained an ICER of 12,605€ and 6,318€ for SLIT and SCIT, respectively. In sensitivity analysis, SCIT was more cost-effective than SLIT. Conclusions. AIT is cost-effective in children with grass pollen allergic rhinitis, especially for the subcutaneous route.
Ex Vivo Immunomodulatory Effects of Lactobacillus-, Lacticaseibacillus-, and Bifidobacterium-Containing Synbiotics on Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells and Monocyte-Derived Dendritic Cells in the Context of Grass Pollen Allergy; Sensing of the intestinal microbiota by the host immune system is important to induce protective immune responses. Hence, modification of the gut microbiota might be able to prevent or treat allergies, mediated by proinflammatory Th2 immune responses. The aim was to investigate the ex vivo immunomodulatory effects of the synbiotics Pollagen® and Kallergen®, containing the probiotic bacterial strains Lactobacillus, Lacticaseibacillus and Bifidobacterium, in the context of grass pollen allergy. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from grass pollen–allergic patients and healthy controls were stimulated with grass pollen extract (GPE) and synbiotics and Gata3 expression and cytokine secretion analyzed. Monocyte-derived dendritic cells (MoDCs) cells were matured in the presence of GPE and synbiotics, co-cultured with autologous naïve T cells and maturation markers and cytokine secretion analyzed. GPE stimulation of PBMCs from grass pollen–allergic patients resulted in a significant higher production of the Th2 cytokines IL-4, IL-5, IL-9 and IL-13 compared to healthy controls. Gata3+CD4+ T cell induction was independent of the allergic status. The synbiotics promoted IL-10 and IFN-γ secretion and downregulated the GPE-induced Th2-like phenotype. Co-culturing naïve T cells with MoDCs, matured in the presence of GPE and synbiotics, shifted the GPE-induced Th2 cytokine release towards Th1-Th17-promoting conditions in allergic subjects. The investigated synbiotics are effective in downregulating the GPE-induced Th2 immune response in PBMCs from grass pollen–allergic patients as well as in autologous MoDC-T cell stimulation assays. In addition to increased IL-10 release, the data indicates a shift from a Th2- to a more Th1- and Th17-like phenotype.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy with birch and grass pollen extracts. A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial; Introduction: There is a need to evaluate the safety and efficacy of intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) for inducing tolerance in patients with allergic rhinitis. Methods: Thirty-seven patients with seasonal allergic symptoms to birch and grass pollen and skin prick test >3 mm and/or IgE to birch and timothy >0.35 kU/L were randomized to either ILIT, with three doses of 0.1 mL of birch pollen and 5-grass pollen allergen extracts on aluminium hydroxide (10,000 SQ-U/ml
Real-world, long-term effectiveness of allergy immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis: Subgroup analyses of the REACT study; Background: Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of allergy immunotherapy (AIT) in allergic rhinitis (AR) and the disease-modifying effects of the SQ grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet. Objective: We sought to assess real-world, long-term effectiveness and safety across AIT subgroups: route of administration, therapeutic allergen, persistence to AIT, and SQ grass SLIT tablet. Methods: The primary outcome of AR prescriptions from a retrospective cohort study (REAl-world effeCtiveness in allergy immunoTherapy
EE414 Health Economic Evaluation of Early Initiation of Grass Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets in Children; Objectives: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is recognized as a major risk factor for developing allergic asthma (AA). Previous research show childhood AR increases the risk of new-onset asthma two- to seven-fold. Having both AR and AA in childhood increases the risk of asthma persisting into adulthood. This study estimates costs and effectiveness for early initiation of 75,000 SQ-T grass SLIT-tablet, by quantifying the risk-reduction of new-onset of AA in children with moderate/severe AR. Methods: We developed a Markov model to capture the interrelation between AR and AA. Age-specific risk of developing asthma and treatment-specific transition matrices for movements between mild and moderate/severe AR were estimated and extrapolated for grass SLIT-tablet and symptom-relieving medication using the GRAZAX® Asthma Prevention (GAP) placebo-controlled trial in children aged 5–12 years. Together with the treatment effect of grass SLIT-tablet compared to symptom-relieving medication and placebo these constituted the key model parameters. Costs were estimated using previously published data from the IBM MarketScan database. Results: Modelling a cohort of 1,000 children diagnosed with moderate/severe seasonal AR, initiating grass SLIT-tablet at age five compared to age nine prevents 71 incidences of AA, equal to a number needed to treat of 14, as well as 1,220 patient years with AA in the 20 years following AR diagnosis. In the same period costs were reduced by 4,179 USD. Comparing grass SLIT-tablet initiation at age five to six also showed positive results (26 avoided AA incidences, 492 patient years, reduced costs by 1,518 USD). Conclusions: Results suggest initiating 75,000 SQ-T grass SLIT-tablet at age five compared to initiation later in childhood is associated with a clinically meaningful reduction in new AA cases. Moreover, early initiation of 75,000 SQ-T grass SLIT-tablet is a dominant treatment (better efficacy and cost-saving) strategy compared to both later initiation and treatment with symptom-relieving medication alone.
Single-cell RNA sequencing identifies precise tolerogenic cellular and molecular pathways induced by depigmented-polymerized grass pollen allergen extract; Background: Immunologic mechanism of action of allergoids remains poorly understood. Previous models of allergenicity and immunogenicity have yielded suboptimal knowledge of these immunotherapeutic vaccine products. Novel single-cell RNA sequencing technology offers a bridge to this gap in knowledge. Objective: We sought to identify the underpinning tolerogenic molecular and cellular mechanisms of depigmented-polymerized Phleum pratense (Phl p) extract. Methods: The molecular mechanisms underlying native Phl p, depigmented Phl p (DPG–Phl p), and depigmented-polymerized (DPG-POL–Phl p) allergoid were investigated by single-cell RNA sequencing. Allergen-specific TH2A, T follicular helper (Tfh), and IL-10+ regulatory B cells were quantified by flow cytometry in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 16 grass pollen–allergic and 8 nonatopic control subjects. The ability of Phl p, DPG–Phl p, and DPG-POL–Phl p to elicit FcεRI- and FcεRII-mediated IgE responses was measured by basophil activation test and IgE-facilitated allergen binding assay. Results: Analysis revealed that DPG-POL–Phl p downregulated genes associated with TH2 signaling, induced functional regulatory T cells exhibiting immunosuppressive roles through CD52 and Siglec-10, modulated genes encoding immunoproteasome that dysregulate the processing and presentation of antigens to T cells and promoted a shift from IgE toward an IgA1 and IgG responses. In grass pollen–allergic subjects, DPG-POL–Phl p exhibited reduced capacity to elicit proliferation of TH2A, IL-4+ Tfh and IL-21+ Tfh cells while being the most prominent at inducing IL-10+CD19+CD5hi and IL-10+CD19+CD5hiCD38intCD24int regulatory B-cell subsets compared to Phl p (all P <.05). Furthermore, DPG-POL–Phl p demonstrated a hypoallergenic profile through basophil activation and histamine release compared to Phl p (31.54-fold, P <.001). Conclusions: Single-cell RNA sequencing provides an in-depth resolution of the mechanisms underlying the tolerogenic profile of DPG-POL–Phl p.
Persistence in allergen immunotherapy: A longitudinal, prescription data-based real-world analysis; Introduction: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a widespread disease with increasing prevalence in developed countries. The only treatment that tackles the underlying causes is allergen immunotherapy (AIT). This treatment is performed through two application routes, the subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) or the sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). However, persistence during the long course of treatment over 3 years is key for the efficacy of this treatment option. The impaired adherence significantly impacts public health resources. The aim of this study was to assess the persistence of AIT for both application routes. Methods: IQVIATM LRx was used to identify patients starting AIT between 2009 and 2018 with grass pollen (GP), early flowering tree pollen (EFTP) and house dust mite (HDM) allergens. Patients were classified within each allergen category by AIT groups (subcutaneous depigmented polymerised allergen AIT [dSCIT], other subcutaneous AIT [oSCIT] and SLIT) and age (5-11 years, 12-17 years, 18+ years). Furthermore, they were followed up for up to 3 years until the cessation of treatment. Patients, who were still on treatment after 3 years were deemed to be censored. Kaplan-Meier curves of persistence were generated and compared by log-rank tests. Results: The number of patients included in the three allergen categories was 38,717 GP, 23,183 EFTP, and 41,728 HDM AIT. In all allergen categories and for any product group, patient persistence decreased with increasing age class with the difference between 5-11 years and 12-17 years greater than between the latter and 18+ years. The percentage of patients completing the first year of AIT was low, particularly for SLIT where 22.2%–27.1% of patients remained persistent after 12 months. The equivalent figures for dSCIT were 52.0%–64.1% and for oSCIT 38.3%–50.3%. Conclusion: Persistence in AIT in AR was low in this retrospective prescription-based database and was clearly linked to patient age and application route.
INMUNOCAT study: The impact of molecular diagnosis on immunotherapy prescription in pollen polysensitized patients from Catalonia; Background: Recognition of specific allergens triggering immune response is key for the appropriate prescription of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT). This study aimed at evaluating the impact of using the commercially available microarray ImmunoCAPTM ISAC 112 (Thermo Fisher Scientific) on the etiological diagnosis and SIT prescription compared to the conventional diagnostic methods in patients with allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma. Methods: 300 patients with respiratory allergic disease, sensitized to three or more pollen aeroallergens from different species, as assessed by a skin prick test (SPT) and specific IgE assays (sIgE), were included in this multicentric, prospective observational study. SPT and a blood test were performed to all patients. Total serum IgE and sIgE (ImmunoCAPTM) for allergens found positive in the SPT and sIgE allergen components (ImmunoCAPTM ISAC 112) were measured. Results: According to SPT results, the most prevalent pollen sensitizers in our population were Olea europaea followed by grass, Platanus acerifolia and Parietaria judaica. The molecular diagnosis (MD) revealed Ole e 1 as the most prevalent pollen sensitizer, followed by Cup a 1, Phl p 1, Cyn d 1, Par j 2, Pla a 1, 2, and 3 and Phl p 5. Immunotherapy prescription changed, due to MD testing, in 51% of the cases, with an increase of prescription of SIT from 39% to 65%. Conclusion: The identification of the allergen eliciting the respiratory disease is essential for a correct immunotherapy prescription. The advances in allergen characterization using methods, such as the commercial microarray ImmunoCAPTM ISAC 112, can help clinicians to improve SIT prescription.
Pre-seasonal immunotherapy is effective in both monosensitized and polysensitized patients with allergic rhinitis; Background. The effectiveness of pre-seasonal allergoid immunotherapy in polysensitized patients is not well-known. The aim of this study was to com-pare the clinical efficacy and immunological changes of pre-seasonal allergoid immunotherapy in mono and polysensitized patients with grass pollen allergy. Methods. 46 patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis undergoing pre-season-al grass pollen immunotherapy and 28 cases followed by conventional drug treatment were included. These groups were divided into monosensitized and polysensitized ones. All patients were followed between March-September with symptom-medication scores, and visual analogue scale. The quality of life was assessed using the Mini-RQLQ questionnaire. Phleum pratense specific IgE and IgG4 measurements were performed before and after 7 weeks of immunotherapy. Results. In the immunotherapy group, 15th weekly symp-tom-medication scores and VAS scores between May and August were found to be significantly lower than those in the control group (p < 0.05). Phl p specific IgE and IgG4 levels were significantly higher after immunotherapy compared to those before immunotherapy (p = 0.001). Furthermore, Phl p specific IgG4 levels after immunotherapy were also significantly higher than in the control group (p = 0.001). Improvements in activities-practical problems and non-nose/eye symptoms quality of life scores were significantly different between two groups (p < 0.05). There was no difference in terms of clinical and immunological parameters in mono and polysensitized patients (p > 0.05). Conclusions. Clinical improvement with pre-seasonal grass pollen immunotherapy is accompanied by important increase in specific IgG4 blocking antibodies. A single-allergen immunotherapy can lead to similar clinical efficacy and immunological changes in polysensitized as well as monosensi-tized patients with grass pollen allergy.
RNA sequencing of single allergen-specific memory B cells after grass pollen immunotherapy: Two unique cell fates and CD29 as a biomarker for treatment effect; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for grass pollen allergy can modify the natural history of allergic rhinitis and is associated with increased allergen-specific IgG4. IgG4 competitively inhibits functional IgE on the surface of effector cells, such as mast cells and basophils, from binding to allergens. To further understand the important role memory B-cell (Bmem) responses play in mediating the beneficial effects of SLIT, we assessed changes in allergen-specific Bmem subsets induced by SLIT for grass pollen allergy. Methods: Blood samples were collected twice outside the pollen season from twenty-seven patients with sensitization to ryegrass pollen (RGP
EAACI Molecular Allergology User's Guide 2.0; Since the discovery of immunoglobulin E (IgE) as a mediator of allergic diseases in 1967, our knowledge about the immunological mechanisms of IgE-mediated allergies has remarkably increased. In addition to understanding the immune response and clinical symptoms, allergy diagnosis and management depend strongly on the precise identification of the elicitors of the IgE-mediated allergic reaction. In the past four decades, innovations in bioscience and technology have facilitated the identification and production of well-defined, highly pure molecules for component-resolved diagnosis (CRD), allowing a personalized diagnosis and management of the allergic disease for individual patients. The first edition of the “EAACI Molecular Allergology User's Guide” (MAUG) in 2016 rapidly became a key reference for clinicians, scientists, and interested readers with a background in allergology, immunology, biology, and medicine. Nevertheless, the field of molecular allergology is moving fast, and after 6 years, a new EAACI Taskforce was established to provide an updated document. The Molecular Allergology User's Guide 2.0 summarizes state-of-the-art information on allergen molecules, their clinical relevance, and their application in diagnostic algorithms for clinical practice. It is designed for both, clinicians and scientists, guiding health care professionals through the overwhelming list of different allergen molecules available for testing. Further, it provides diagnostic algorithms on the clinical relevance of allergenic molecules and gives an overview of their biology, the basic mechanisms of test formats, and the application of tests to measure allergen exposure.
Anaphylaxis is Uncommon in Clinical Trials of Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets as Identified by a Standardized Algorithm; Rationale: There is no universal consensus definition for anaphylaxis in sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) trials. Therefore, the reported incidence varies considerably. An algorithm in the Standardized MedDRA Query (SMQ) was used to identify anaphylaxis in SLIT-tablet trials. Methods: Criteria 1 of the algorithm was treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) with narrow MedDRA preferred terms representing anaphylaxis (i.e., “anaphylactic reaction”). Criteria 2 was all TEAEs with broad terms from ≥2 of 3 categories (respiratory, skin, and cardiovascular) occurring on the same day. The criteria were applied to all subjects in 43 clinical trials (all phases) receiving approved SLIT-tablet doses or placebo. Identified cases were adjudicated (blinded to treatment) by medical professionals and were considered anaphylaxis if either criteria were met and included investigator-assessed severe respiratory or cardiovascular compromise. Results: For grass SLIT-tablet, 1 case of treatment-related anaphylaxis was identified in 3984 active-treated subjects and no cases were identified in 2743 placebo-treated subjects. For ragweed SLIT-tablet, 1 case of treatment-related anaphylaxis was identified in 894 active-treated subjects and 1 case was identified in 892 placebo-treated subjects. For HDM and tree SLIT-tablets combined, no cases of treatment-related anaphylaxis were identified in a total of 2646 active-treated and 3024 placebo-treated subjects. The overall incidence rates in active- and placebo-treated subjects were 0.03% (2/7524) and 0.02% (1/6659), respectively. Neither anaphylaxis case associated with active treatment was life-threatening. Conclusions: The applied SMQ algorithm provides reproducible identification of anaphylaxis that can be applied to SLIT trials and possibly to real-world data. Anaphylaxis was uncommon for SLIT-tablets across the evaluated allergens.
Efficacy of Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets for Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis in Adult Monosensitized and Polysensitized Subjects; Rationale: Most patients with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) are sensitized to more than one allergen. This analysis evaluated the efficacy of grass, ragweed, tree, and house dust mite (HDM) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets in adults who are monosensitized or polysensitized. Methods: Data from adults (≥18 y) with AR/C who participated in 9 phase 3 double-blind, placebo-controlled field trials (4 grass, 2 ragweed, 2 HDM, and 1 tree) were included in the post-hoc analyses. Efficacy was assessed by the total combined score (TCS
Differential Transcriptome Immunomodulatory Profile of an Adjuvanted Modified Grass Immunotherapy in Subjects with Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis and Rhinoconjuctivitis; Rationale: An exploratory field trial in grass allergic subjects was conducted using PQ Grass, a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy in combination with an adjuvant system of Microcrystalline Tyrosine and Monophosphoryl Lipid A. Changes in immunomodulatory profile of PQ Grass were explored via transcriptome analysis of peripheral blood from eligible subjects. Methods: Subjects were randomized to receive a cumulative PQ Grass dose of 27600 SU using 6 once-weekly injections (conventional posology) or 3 once-weekly injections followed by 3 4-weekly maintenance injections (extended posology) or placebo prior to the start of the grass pollen season (GPS). Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were enriched from blood prior to treatment (Baseline), after treatment but pre-GPS and post-GPS. Analysis was conducted using RT2 Profiler PCR Array via ΔΔCt method. Canonical pathways and upstream regulator analysis was performed using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. Results: Both transcriptome profiling of the standard and extended posology group showed favourable immunomodulatory profiles, with the extended posology showing most pronounced immunomodulation. At pre-GPS and post-GPS strong upregulation of key signature cytokines and transcription factors for T helper type 1 (Th1) and T regulatory cells (Treg) was demonstrated (p<0.05). Key signature molecules for pro-allergic pathways (Th2/Th2A/Th17) were transiently upregulated pre-GPS and showed steady down regulation post-GPS. Conclusions: PQ Grass extended posology showed strongly enhanced immunomodulation towards the Th1/Treg pathway. Pro-allergic immune responses were suppressed and immune tolerance at transcriptome level induced, providing robust mechanistic support for the clinically relevant and statistically significant improvement demonstrated for the primary field outcome of this study.
Modulation of Pro-Allergic T Cell Responses by PQ Grass 27600 SU as a Treatment for Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis: A RDBPC Pilot Study; Rationale: PQ Grass, a grass pollen allergoid using MicroCrystalline Tyrosine and Monophosphoryl Lipid A as an adjuvant system, is a well-tolerated subcutaneous immunotherapy for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR). We investigated the efficacy and cellular mechanisms underlying PQ Grass 27600 SU in subjects with SAR. Methods: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were collected at baseline (V1), V12 and V15
The SQ SLIT-tablets significantly improves quality of life in adults with grass, tree, ragweed and house dust mite allergic rhinitis: Results from pooled analyses; Background: The most common manifestations of respiratory allergy are allergic rhinitis (AR) and allergic asthma (AA). Both manifestations can impose significant symptom burden and disrupt several aspects of everyday life, thereby negatively impacting the quality of life (QoL) in affected individuals. The efficacy and safety of allergy immunotherapy (AIT), when administered as SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets have been confirmed in several large clinical trials for treatment of adults with grass, tree, ragweed pollen AR and for the treatment of house dust mite (HDM) AR and AA, inadequately controlled with symptom-relieving medications. In the clinical trials, reductions in symptom burden have been consistently demonstrated, and QoL was assessed. The presented pooled analyses investigate whether the efficacy confirmed in the clinical trials is supported by improved QoL. Method: Subjects with QoL assessed by the validated Rhinitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) across 11 phase II/III randomized placebo-controlled trials were included in the pooled analyses covering four SQ SLIT-tablets (Grass: N = 2447
Extract-shaped immune repertoire as source for nanobody-based human IgE in grass pollen allergy; Background: A llergens a re d efined by t heir r eactivity w ith I gE a ntibodies of allergic patients. In contrast to the complex heterotetrameric canonical antibodies, the adaptive immune system of i.a. camelid species has evolved heavy chain only antibodies for antigen recognition. Derived single domain antibodies, or nanobodies (nb), represent a versatile platform for the development of diagnostic tools and concepts, in particular for antigens available in purified form. In this study we evaluated the feasibility of obtaining nanobody-based tools using timothy grass pollen as target. Method: A library from pollen extract immunised llamas was selected by phage display against the extract and resulting nanobodies were characterised for the binding specificity. Potential antigens in the pollen extract were identified by immunoblotting and subsequent immunoCAP analyses. Nanobody-based IgE antibodies were generated by fusion of nanobodies to human IgE Fc, produced in mammalian cells and assessed in different immunoassay formats and commercial platforms. Results: The library selection yielded nanobodies secreted into bacterial supernatant with immunoreactivity to grass pollen extract. Immunoblotting documented the specificity for an approx. 10-12 kDa allergen in the pollen extract. Human, bivalent nb-IgE derivatives were obtained from mammalian cells in high yields. Profiling by Immunocap analysis on candidate allergens identified the major pollen allergen Phl p 6 as target. Further analysis with group 5/6 allergens from different grasses provided additional insights into molecular cross-reactivity. Upon sensitization with nb-IgE, activation of effector cells documented the capability for FcϵRI-mediated degranulation. Conclusion: Our study shows that extract-based immunisation enables the generation of allergen-specific nb-IgE formats linking nanobody technologies with allergological applications. Furthermore, our data provides proof of concept for use as standardisation tool in grass pollen allergy with implications for diagnostic and immunotherapeutic concepts.
Omalizumab added to allergen immunotherapy increased the effect in patients with local allergic rhinitis and allergy to HDM; Background: Allergic rhinitis (LAR) is one of the forms of local allergic diseases. The main method of therapy is symptomatic treatment, despite many studies showing the effectiveness of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in patients with LAR who react to house dust mite (HDM), grass, birch and tree allergens. As in other allergic diseases, AIT does not always achieve the optimal treatment effect in LAR patients. The present short study presents nine clinical cases of LAR combined therapy in patients with HDM allergies, in whom a satisfactory effect of AIT was not achieved. Some patients had omalizumab added to AIT. Method: Five males and four females (mean age 32.7 ± 6.4 years) with a diagnosis of severe LAR and hypersensitivity to HDMs were included. The inclusion criteria were as follows: >18 years old
Molecular sensitization profile of allergic rhinitis in different age groups of Georgian population; Background: The prevalence of allergic rhinitis amounts to 10% to 20% of the global population. Early diagnosis and appropriate management of these disorders may prevent deterioration, acute exacerbation, and persistence, along with related healthcare expenditures. Component-resolved diagnosis (CRD) offers important additional information regarding the patient's sensitization pattern, especially in complex clinical cases such as polysensitization or idiopathic reactions. Information on molecular sensitization patterns significantly influences the choice of specific immunotherapy and reduces its overprescription. We aimed to determine the molecular sensitization patterns of allergic rhinitis in different age groups of the Georgian population. Method: We selected 435 patients testing with CRD method, particularly by the multiplex ImmunoCAP ISAC 112 assay, data were divided by age groups: young -less than 18 years and older -more or equal 18 years. Descriptive parameters, including means and standard deviations for normally distributed continuous data, frequencies, and percentages for categorical data, were calculated. Results: 254 patients were diagnosed with allergic rhinitis
Compensation of micronutritional deficiencies in immune cells of allergic patients leads to significant improvement in combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) in a double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study; Background: Functional iron deficiency facilitates allergy development and potentially amplifies the symptom burden in allergy sufferers. It was previously shown that micronutrients can selectively be delivered to immune cells with beta-lactoglobulin as carrier (holoBLG), resulting in immune resilience, symptom relief and allergy prevention. Allergen immunotherapy is the only causative treatment for allergic diseases like hay fever and clinical studies focus on the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS, as recommended by the European Academy for Allergy and Clinical Immunology -EAACI) as primary endpoint readout. The EAACI CSMS was assessed in grass-and/ or birch-pollen- allergic women supplemented with a FSMP (food for special medical purpose) lozenge containing beta-lactoglobulin with iron, polyphenols, retinoic acid, and zinc (holoBLG lozenge) in a proof-of- concept study as secondary endpoint. Method: In a proof-of- concept, randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study, grass-and/ or birch pollen allergic women (n = 51) were supplemented with holoBLG (verum) or placebo lozenges for 6 months in 2019 and 2020. Daily symptoms, medications, pollen concentrations and well-being were recorded by the patients in an eHealth application. These results were evaluated as recommended by the gold standard (CSMS) for allergen immunotherapy studies by the EAACI as secondary endpoint in this study. Results: CSMS during the birch peak and entire season as well as entire grass pollen season improved significantly in allergic subjects supplemented with the holoBLG lozenge by 45, 31 and 40% compared to the placebo arm. The daily symptom score dSS improved by 38.6% for the birch peak season, 35.2% for the entire birch season and 25.6% for the entire grass pollen season (all p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Targeted micronutrition with the holoBLG lozenge seemed effective in significantly reducing the symptom burden in allergic women. The extent in CSMS reduction in this pilot trial is comparable to the effects shown in trials for allergen immunotherapy products. The underlying allergen-independent mechanism provides evidence, that dietary nutritional supplementation of the immune system is one of many cornerstones to combat atopy.
Evaluation of the effect of allergen immunotherapy by clinical and biological markers in patients with allergic rhinitis in real life-first results from Bulgaria; Background: Allergen immunotherapy is a proven therapeutic approach for allergic rhinitis with/without asthma that leads to a significant reduction of symptoms, the need for pharmacotherapy as well as a considerable improvement of quality of life. However, the correlation between clinical and immunological biomarkers in evaluation of the effect of allergen immunotherapy is still not fully established. Our aim was to study the long-term effect of allergen immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis patients based on some clinical and immunological outcomes. Methods: Patients with allergic rhinitis at least two years after a three-year course of subcutaneous or sublingual allergen immunotherapy with either grass pollen or house dust mite were included. We assessed clinical outcomes by using specific questionnaires validated in Bulgarian language-rhinitis control-Rhinitis Control Assessment Test (RCAT), quality of life-Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) as well as satisfaction with immunotherapy-Satisfaction Scale for Patients Receiving Allergen Immunotherapy (ESPIA). Specific IgG4 levels were measured by ImmunoCAP according to the EAACI position paper recommendations for monitoring clinical efficacy of allergen immunotherapy. Results: We included a total number of 69 patients (male 43, mean age 31.7 SD 12.04, age range 18-56). Allergic rhinitis was well controlled in 53 patients (76.47%). A good quality of life-overall score 0.65 (SD 0.78) and a high level of satisfaction 72.3 (SD 12.9) were found. Immunological examination of specific IgG4 antibodies by Immuno CAP revealed statistically significant higher levels of blocking antibodies in controlled patients than in uncontrolled (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Results confirm the key mechanism of allergen immunotherapy- formation of blocking allergen specific IgG4 antibodies with a long life even after treatment cessation. We highlight the long lasting immunological tolerance due to allergen immunotherapy and the correlation between immunological biomarkers and clinical outcomes.
Trial design for the safety evaluation of a one-strength dose escalation scheme with a birch pollen allergoid for subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy; Background: Subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT) with a birch pollen allergoid has proven to be effective and safe. It is approved in Germany since 1992 with a standard dose escalation phase comprising 7 subcutaneous injections using two strengths (A and B) at weekly intervals. Faster dose escalation schemes are more convenient for patients, and such a one-strength dose escalation scheme with 3 injections of strength B is already approved for other SCIT preparations containing grass pollen allergoids. Objective: to investigate safety and tolerability of the birch pollen SCIT allergoid when used according to a one-strength dose escalation scheme comprising 3 injections of strength B compared to the standard dose escalation scheme with 7 injections of strengths A and B and following maintenance phase with 2 injections. Method: The trial will be conducted in Germany and Poland as a multicentric, 1:1 randomized open label phase II trial. Male and female patients aged between 5 and 65 years will be included when suffering from birch pollen-allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis for at least 2 years with or without well-controlled asthma acc. to GINA 2020. The diagnosis of birch pollen allergy will be confirmed by a positive skin prick test and serum specific IgE (>0.70 kU/L) against birch pollen. After randomization, the patients will be treated according to one of the two dose escalation schemes followed by two additional maintenance doses. All adverse events will be recorded, and tolerability will be assessed by patients and investigators using the 5-point Likert scale. Results: An accelerated dose-escalation scheme reduces the number of visits to the doctor's office making the treatment more convenient for the patient. This will have a beneficial impact on patients' adherence which is paramount for the (long-lasting) efficacy of AIT. Conclusion: The use of only one strength during the dose-escalation minimizes the risk of mistakes due to the mix-up of vials with different strengths. Thus, a modern and convenient treatment scheme might be provided using the well-established SCIT preparation that is safe and well-tolerated.
Real-life effectiveness of mite, grass and pellitory injected AIT with monomeric carbamylated allergens; Background: Over the years, the efficacy and safety of both injected and sublingual Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) has been widely documented trough clinical trials. Many reviews and meta-analyses support AIT as an effective and safe treatment for inhalant allergies. In recent years, the need of AIT real-life studies is emerging to counterbalance the difficulty to apply methods and patient selectivity of randomized clinical trials to patients in real-life clinical practice. Method: The present is a real-life retrospective cohort study (performed in Italy and Albania) evaluating the effectiveness, safety and patient satisfaction of inhalant (house dust mites, grass and pellitory) allergic patients suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma, treated for 3 consecutive years with monomeric allergoid injection immunotherapy. Perceived efficacy and satisfaction with AIT, ARIA classification of rhinitis, perceived impact of rhinitis and asthma, number of asthma worsening episodes and drug consumption were assessed using questionnaires relating to before, after one year, at the end of treatment and after one/two years AIT. Results: A total number of 291 patients (169 Albanian and 122 Italian) were enrolled. Patient's perception of AIT effectiveness, as assessed by symptom reduction after discontinuation versus initiation of treatment, was excellent. In fact, overall symptoms score associated to rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma evaluated by VAS significantly decreased over the years independently form specific sensitization (p < 0.01). All patients except seven reported a reduction in rhinitis, as classified by ARIA, from moderate-severe persistent to mild/intermittent. A significant reduction (p < 0.01) was observed in the use of antihistamines in rhinoconjunctivitis patients and in the need of bronchodilators in asthmatics. Interestingly, a significant reduction (p < 0.01) has been observed in the asthma worsening episodes needing the use of systemic steroids. No patient reported severe side effects and only few local oedema and pruritus in the injection site. Finally, in an overall assessment of treatment efficacy, 230 patients reported a complete satisfaction with treatment, 51 were satisfied, 5 very unhappy, 1 unsatisfied and 4 disappointed. Conclusion: In conclusion the study shows that injection AIT with monomeric allergoid was effective and well tolerated to the full satisfaction of the patients.
Efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with LAIS grass tablets allergoid for patients with grass pollen-induced allergic moderate/severe rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergoids are modified allergens with an altered protein structure which are aimed at reducing allergenicity while maintaining immunogenicity and thus efficacy of allergen immunotherapy. Unlike conventional allergoids, carbamylated monomeric allergoids act through carbamylation of the lysine group which results in higher safety than conventional products. This multicenter prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, phase III study, was aimed at evaluating the efficacy of tablet-based monomeric allergoid of grass compared to placebo in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (AR) with or without mild asthma. Method: The study included patients (12-64 years) selected with a main history of moderate/severe AR due to grass, positive skin, serum and nasal provocation tests, to be randomized in two groups: one treatment group with a single dosage of the allergoid (1,000 AU) and a second treatment group receiving sublingual placebo preparation based on a once-a- day administration without any titration. Efficacy was assessed through Combined Symptoms-Medication Score of six rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and rescue medication use during consecutive days of grass peak (>50 grains/m3) and three months of the 2020 grass season (>3 grains/m3). Safety was monitored through the description of the treatment-related adverse events (AEs) and laboratory data. Results: 94 randomized subjects (mean age 29.6) received 7-9 months of treatment pre-coseasonally. In the ITT population the CSMS values, in both its components, were significantly lower in the treatment group compared to placebo during the days of pollen peak (-46%
Association between exposure to Sublingual Allergen Immunotherapy and onset of asthma in patients with allergic rhinitis: a real-world nationwide enriched study; Background: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) is the only disease-modifying treatment for respiratory allergy. The study primary objective was to evaluate the impact of sublingual liquid AIT (SLIT) in a real-world setting on the worsening of asthma. Method: A cohort analysis with propensity score weighting was performed using the French nationwide healthcare insurance system “SNDS” database paired to the database of AIT dispensation of Stallergenes Greer. The inclusion period was from 2010 to 2013. Patients dispensed at least 9 vials, or >1 deliveries, of SLIT were considered exposed. Unexposed patients were selected among those with allergic rhinitis (AR) treatment and without history of AIT exposure, as identified in the SNDS database. Index date was the first dispensing of SLIT or AR treatment and patients were followed until first event, death or 31/12/2018. Inclusion and exclusion criteria were aligned with SLIT indication. Onset or worsening of asthma were defined as the first occurrence of a specific pharmacy dispensation, hospital discharge summaries or long-term diseases (LTDs) for asthma in the main analysis
Sensitization profiles of individual allergic patients in Germany; Background: Several epidemiological studies have shown that polysensitization and the sensitization pattern to molecular allergens could influence in the severity of the allergic symptoms. Therefore, a better knowledge of the allergenic sensitization profile of patients in real life is needed. This information will allow a deeper understanding of the disease which could aid in the selection of the treatment. The aim of this study was to analyze the specific IgE patterns in allergic patients from Germany and to correlate with the clinical symptoms. Method: Five hundred allergic patients from different regions of Germany were included in the study. The diagnosis of allergy was based on case history, clinical allergic signs (allergic rhinitis and/or bronchial asthma) and data of skin prick-tests to aeroallergens. Sera samples were collected and analyzed by ImmunoCAP® to determine the specific IgE levels to 16 main allergenic sources (grass, weed and tree pollen, as well as, animal epithelia, moulds and house dust mites). Finally, and depending on the screening results, sIgE to other related allergenic sources and a total of 43 molecular allergens were also tested. All data collected were processed and statistically analyzed by R software. Results: All the patients were diagnosed with rhinitis and 12% also showed bronchial asthma. Regarding the sensitization profiles, 77% were sensitized to two or more allergenic sources and 23% were monosensitized to one allergenic source. Betula alba pollen was the most common cause of sensitization (59%), followed by Phleum pratense (58%). Interestingly, sensitization against animal epithelia ranked third with a 56% of the total population. The frequency of allergic individuals sensitized to the major birch pollen allergen (Bet v 1) was the highest (82%), followed by Phl p 1 and Phl p 5 (79% and 55%, respectively). However, sensitization to major allergens from Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, Der p 1 and Der p 2, was higher than the main animal epithelia allergens tested. A positive statistically significant association was found between the severity of rhinitis symptoms and the levels of sIgE to 11 allergenic sources and 13 molecular allergens. Conclusion: We obtained a complete sensitization map in different areas from Germany, with global and individualized information on polysensitization to different allergenic sources and molecular allergens. This type of study deepens in the clinical relevance of allergens and their importance for personalized immunotherapy.
Age-specific effects of grass pollen allergen immunotherapy in reducing the risk for new onset asthma: a real-world dataset analysis; Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) often precedes asthma. Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is considered to have the potential for preventive effects, but more data, especially for children and adolescents, are needed regarding long-term preventive effects on asthma beyond AIT treatment cessation. Method: Age-specific effects of ≥2 years (y) of AIT on the onset of asthma in patients (pat.) with AR were assessed in a retrospective cohort analysis of a German longitudinal prescription database, comparing an AIT group treated with grass/cereal pollen AIT (incl. seven different SLIT/SCIT products) and a control group receiving symptomatic treatment only (non-AIT group). Pat. in both groups were matched for several variable, including for example, age class, period of treatment start, no. of treatment years. All pat. were followed up for ≥2 y after treatment cessation. Logistic regression analyses compared new asthma medication prescriptions (asthma Rx) in both groups as a proxy for disease onset. Age-specific effects were determined for 4 age classes (children (C
Grass pollen allergen immunotherapy provides long-term relief of allergic rhinitis and asthma in patients of all age classes: a real world dataset analysis; Background: While there is substantial evidence from clinical trials that allergen immunotherapy (AIT) can achieve reductions in short-term symptom and medication scores, more data, especially for children and adolescents, are needed regarding long-term effects in allergic rhinitis (AR) and asthma. Method: Age-specific long-term effects of ≥2 years (y) of AIT were assessed in a retrospective cohort analysis of a German longitudinal prescription database, comparing an AIT group treated with grass/ cereal pollen AIT (incl. seven different SLIT/SCIT products) and a control group receiving symptomatic treatment only (non-AIT group). Patients (pat.) in both groups were matched for, for example, age class, period of treatment start, no. of treatment years, no. of AR symptomatic medication prescriptions (Rx) before treatment, asthma status. All pat. were followed up for ≥2 y after treatment cessation. Multiple regression analyses compared changes (pre-treatment vs. during treatment and/or after treatment cessation) in AR/asthma Rx data in both groups as a proxy for disease progression. Age-specific effects were determined for four age classes (children (C
High baseline prevalence of atopic comorbidities and medication use in children treated with allergy immunotherapy in the REACT-study; Background: Respiratory allergy is a progressive disease often starting in childhood. Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) is the only causal treatment for allergy with the potential to modify the disease. The efficacy and safety of SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets have been demonstrated in children (5-17 years) with grass or ragweed allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) and in adolescents (12-17 years) with house dust mite AR, insufficiently controlled by symptom-relieving medications. Demographics from the real-world effectiveness of AIT (REACT)-study were used to characterise the burden of respiratory allergy in children treated with AIT in normal clinical practice. Method: The REACT study is a retrospective cohort study (2007-2017). Insurance claims data from 5,983,511 people in Germany were available. Baseline was assessed the year prior to AIT initiation. More than one million individuals (18.7%
Prolonging the interval between allergen immunotherapy (AIT) maintenance doses may induce a more efficient stimulation of the immune system with increased clinical efficacy; Background: Prolonging the dose interval from 1 to 4 weeks may improve maturation of germinal centres with more efficient B-cell expansion and T-follicular helper cells generation. Method: 119 subjects were enrolled in a multicentre, double-blind, placebo controlled, exploratory grass allergy field trial with PQ Grass, an allergoid SCIT with adjuvants MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (MCT) and Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL). Subjects received either PQ Grass 27600 SU pre-seasonally as conventional (6 weekly injections) or extended (3 weekly injections followed by 3 monthly injections) regimen or placebo. Primary endpoint was the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) during the peak grass pollen season (GPS). Secondary endpoints were the change in IgG4 and quality of life assessed through the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ). Results: A clinically relevant and statistically significant treatment improvement was observed for both PQ Grass conventional and extended posologies against placebo. The extended posology demonstrated more pronounced improvements than the conventional posology (relative treatment difference for the CSMS averaged over the peak GPS of 39.5% [p = 0.0112
Retrospective cohort study to demonstrate the impact on atopic dermatitis (AD) occurrence and progression of a 2-years or more treatment with a depigmented allergoid in Germany under real life conditions, based on IMS® LRx; Background: Atopic dermatitis treatment was assessed separately for various Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) forms in the grass (GR), early flowering trees (EFT) and house dust mites (HDM) markets using the German LRx database of IQVIA. For each market, patients with at least one AIT prescription (Rx) in an allergen specific timespan <9-year were identified and tracked. Three groups representing the major products were defined in each market: subcutaneous AIT with depigmented, polymerized allergen extract (dSCIT), other subcutaneous AIT (oSCIT) and sublingual AIT (SLIT). Method: We investigated the impact of the AIT treatment on the occurrence and progression of atopic dermatitis measured with use of AD medication. To assess the AD status the following substance classes were used: Topical corticosteroids in mono form (ATC D07A) or in combination with antibiotics/antimycotics (ATC D07B), topical immune modulators in ATC D05X0 (Tacrolimus, Pimecrolimus) and oral/systemic immune modulators in ATC L04X0 (Ciclosporin, Tacrolimus, Everolimus, Sirolimus) based on EphMRA system. The following patients were included: Results: In GR sensitized patients SLIT and SCIT showed a statistically significant benefit in AD occurrence and progression
Clinical relevance of pre-and coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass SLIT tablet: A pooled post-hoc analysis of 3 phase III trials; Background: The 300IR 5-grass pollen allergen extract sublingual tablet (300IR tablet) has been shown to be effective in controlling the symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) and reducing the need for symptomatic medication in patients with grass pollen (GP)-induced ARC. Here we present how the statistically significant treatment effect vs placebo translates into a clinically relevant improvement perceivable by the patients (adults as well as children). Method: The efficacy in the European population of the 300IR tablet administered around 4 months prior to the pollen season (PS) and continuing for its duration was evaluated vs placebo in 3 randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled (DBPC) clinical trials (CTs). Patients with moderate-to- severe seasonal GP-induced ARC were aged 18 to 45 years in the first and second CTs (CT1 & CT2) whereas children and adolescents aged 5 to 17 years were included in the third CT (CT3). In CT1 & CT3, patients were treated over a single PS while in CT2, patients were treated over 3 consecutive PSs, the primary period being at Year 3. The Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS0-18) and Rescue Medication Score (RMS0-3) were calculated based on the daily diary cards completed by the patients. A post-hoc analysis of the Combined Symptom Medication Score CSMS0-36 [RTSS0-18+( RMS)0-3 ∗ 6] was performed over the primary period of the respective studies in a modified ITT using ANCOVA. Results: In the 3 CTs, statistically significant absolute differences vs placebo were observed in the Average CSMS0-36 over the primary period: -2.51 (p < 0.0001
Intralymphatic immunotherapy of patients using a modified MicroCrystalline tyrosine absorbed grass product: A dbpc RCT; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) by the intralymphatic route (ILIT) has been studied for about 15 years in more than a dozen small trials and is currently subject of the large clinical trial ILIT.NU (EudraCT 2020-001060- 28). Common for most of these studies was that native allergen adjuvanted with aluminium hydroxide was administered. The aim of the current clinical trial is to study ILIT using a modified grass product adjuvanted with the biodegradable depot MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (modified allergen MCT absorbed, MATA). Method: Patients with allergic rhinitis due to sensitisation to grass pollen allergens were recruited in Switzerland through online and social media, flyers, and email to University employees. Subsequent to an online screening (www.ILIT.NU), onsite screening included sixty study participants that were randomized to receive ILIT with MATA (n = 30) or with placebo (n = 30). Three ultrasound-guided ILIT injections of 100 mcl into an inguinal lymph node were given on four-week intervals, and the dose administered was 1/15th of the recommended maintenance dose utilized for subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). ILIT-associated adverse events (AEs) were recorded for three days after each injection using an online application. Results: The recruitment method was effective and enabled inclusion and treatment of 60 patients within four weeks of final approval by the ethics and medical agency on January 27th 2022. Online screening started on January 28th 2022, and first patient was treated on February 10th 2022. The ultrasound guidance ILIT procedure was fast, the time with the treating clinician being approx. 10 minutes. The 60 minutes post-treatment observation after first ILIT injection revealed mild AEs in 13 out of 60 participants (22%) and only one (1.7%) moderate AE. The moderate AE and almost all mild AEs were erythema or swelling at the site of injection. No further AEs were reported for the next three days. The injections were never associated with pain. Conclusion: Ultrasound-guided intralymphatic injection of a commercial AIT product proved safe and easy to perform. Further testing of will include clinical efficacy by a combined symptom-medication score (primary), immunological effects by antibody measurement and T-cell assays.
Clinical effects of SQ grass, tree, and ragweed SLIT-tablets in adults are realised in the first pollen season; Background: International guidelines recommend three years of treatment with allergy immunotherapy to obtain long-term and sustained disease modification of allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) as demonstrated for the SQ Grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet. However, clinically relevant symptom-relieving benefits can be obtained during the first pollen season. The aim of this analysis is to investigate the clinical treatment effects already from the start of the first pollen season with grass, tree, and ragweed SQ SLIT-tablets. Method: Data were included from five randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled field trials in adults (12-65 years) across Europe and US for the SQ SLIT-tablets Grass (GT-08, P05238: n = 1,067), Tree (TT-04: n = 634 [including 60 adolescents]), and Ragweed (P05233, P05234: n = 767). Subjects received daily treatment with SQ SLIT-tablet or placebo for 12-16 weeks prior to the expected start of the pollen season and throughout the season. Efficacy was assessed as AR/C daily symptom score (DSS) and AR/C total combined score (TCS, sum of daily symptom and medication scores) during the entire first pollen season. Results: Consistently, all trials showed statistically significant reduced AR/C DSS and TCS across the SQ pollen SLIT-tablets compared to placebo during the first season (Table 1). In the GT-08 trial a significant reduction in DSS was present already from the start of the grass pollen season (first day AR/C DSS -43%
Sublingual allergen immunotherapy: Safety, adherence, efficacy in adolescents during COVID-19 pandemic; Background: Allergic rhinitis, one of the most common chronic allergic diseases, commonly associated with asthma, has a disease modifying therapy, allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT). AIT can play a significant role in the reduction of clinical and immunological reaction to the culprit allergen, decreasing the onset of new sensitizations, preventing the onset of asthma, and reducing use of pharmacological treatments. This latter aspect is highly relevant for adolescents, a category of patients that frequently prefer to use “as few drugs as possible”. AIT continuation may be difficult in some situations, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Difficulty in accessing hospitals was experienced by many leading to a discontinuation of therapies for chronic conditions, such as allergic rhinitis. Method: We report our experience on the management, safety and adherence to sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) prescribed to 25 adolescents affected by allergic rhinitis (house dust mite (HDM) -8 patients, SLIT grass pollen -12 patients, SLIT parietaria -5 patients), during the COVID-19 pandemic, following EAACI recommendations. The first administration of SLIT was carried out under medical supervision. We used a personalized monitoring approach according to the type of SLIT prescribed and according to the needs presented by each patient, advising them how to recognize and manage a possible reaction. Results: No immediate severe adverse reactions were reported by patients. Between the 2nd and 5th day of SLIT, 4 patients in therapy with HDM SLIT, experienced an exacerbation of rhinitis symptoms, with resolution after the use of oral antihistamine and topical cortisone+antihistamine before taking the daily dose of SLIT (for 30 days). Two patients on grass pollen SLIT and 2 patients on HDM SLIT, with gastric upset after taking SLIT daily while fasting, presented a resolution of the symptom after we advised them to take the daily dose in the morning after breakfast. Five patients interrupted SLIT for COVID-19 infection, until complete resolution. To date, all 25 patients are continuing SLIT, with good tolerability, with an improvement of rhinitis symptoms. Conclusion: We have reported real-life SLIT adherence and safety in adolescents that started SLIT during the COVID-19 pandemic to confirm how SLIT is a winning strategy and the only modifying treatment for allergic conditions.
Subgroup analyses of the REACT-study support the efficacy and safety profile of SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets; Background: The efficacy and safety of allergy immunotherapy (AIT) administered as sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets are established in large clinical trials, with more than 23,000 subjects with allergic rhinitis (AR) participating across the SQ SLIT-tablets development programs for grass, tree, ragweed, house dust mite and Japanese cedar. Subgroup analyses from the real-world effectiveness in AIT (REACT)-study were used to explore if the efficacy and safety from the clinical trials appear generalizable to normal clinical practice. Method: The REACT-study is a retrospective cohort study (2007-2017) utilizing representative insurance claims data from 5,983,511 people in Germany of whom 18.7% had AR. AR subjects with and without AIT treatment (controls) were followed for 9 years. This analysis describes AR symptom-relieving medication use (AR prescriptions) across pre-specified subgroups based on AIT treatment: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), SLIT-tablets, SQ grass SLIT-tablet and persistence to treatment (>2 AIT prescriptions in ≥2 consecutive years). Data were truncated, if the sample size was <200 subjects. Safety was assessed by diagnosis code for anaphylactic shock within 2 days of the first AIT prescription. Results: In 46,024 AIT-treated subjects, 36,927 were treated with SCIT and 3754 with SLIT-tablets including 1664 subjects treated with the SQ grass SLIT-tablet. SCIT and SLIT-tablet treatment were associated with similar long-term and sustained reductions in AR prescriptions across 9 years of follow-up (AR prescriptions/subject [year 1-9]: SCIT -0.12 to -0.62
Efficacy and safety of SQ SLIT-tablets in children with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis and concomitant asthma from randomized controlled trials; Background: Allergy immunotherapy is the only causal treatment of allergy. Large paediatric clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets in children ≥5-17 years with grass or ragweed pollen allergic rhinitis (AR) and/or conjunctivitis (AR/C) and in adolescents ≥12-17 years with house dust mite (HDM) AR insufficiently controlled by symptom-relieving medications. Method: Data from seven randomized, placebo-controlled phase 3 trials including children and/or adolescents with AR/C with and without concomitant, well-controlled asthma were summarized for the SQ grass, ragweed and HDM SLIT-tablet (four paediatric trials, three trials with a paediatric/adolescent subgroup). Efficacy was assessed by AR/C symptom/medication scores and asthma symptoms/ medication use. Safety was assessed in children with and without asthma. Results: In total, 1551 paediatric subjects were treated with SQ SLIT-tablets and 1525 with placebo of which 19%-44% of the subjects had asthma at baseline. In 5 trials where AR/C symptom burden and medication use were recorded, SQ SLIT-tablets demonstrated significant reduction versus placebo during the peak pollen season and in HDM AR (Table 1). The large SQ ragweed SLIT-tablet trial (n = 1022) found reduced risk in daily asthma symptoms and medication use in the subgroup with asthma at baseline (43%) during peak pollen season versus placebo (asthma symptoms -31%, p = 0.007
Effect of immunostimulation with bacterial lysate on the clinical course of allergic rhinitis and the level of γδT, iNKT and cytotoxic T cells in children sensitized to grass pollen allergens: A randomized controlled trial; Background: There are many drugs for allergic rhinitis (AR), however, these drugs show variable clinical effectiveness and some side effects. Therefore, new methods of AR pharmacotherapy are being sought. Objectives: The objectives of this study were to evaluate the efficacy of polyvalent mechanical bacterial lysate (PMBL) therapy in improving the clinical course of grass pollen-induced AR (seasonal AR, SAR) in children and its effect on changes in the blood level of the γδT, iNKT and cytotoxic T cell subsets. Methods: Fifty children with SAR were enrolled in this study and were randomly assigned to either the PMBL group or the placebo group. The severity of SAR symptoms was assessed using the total nasal symptom score (TNSS) and visual analogue scale (VAS). During two visits (V1, V2), peak nasal inspiratory flow (PNIF) was measured and peripheral blood was collected for immunological analyses. The study also included 2 telephone contacts (TC1, TC2). Results: The severity of the nasal symptoms of SAR on the TNSS scale was revealed to have a significantly lower impact in the PMBL group vs the placebo group at measuring points TC1 and V2 (p = 0.01, p = 0.009, respectively). A statistically significantly lower mean severity of nasal symptoms of SAR on the VAS scale was recorded for children in the PMBL group compared to the placebo group at measuring points TC1, V2 and TC2 (p = 0.04, p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). The compared groups do not show significant differences in terms of PNIF values at individual measuring points. There were no statistically significant changes in immune variables. For both groups, there was a statistically significant association between the level of Th1-like γδT cells and the severity of SAR symptoms expressed on the TNSS scale (p = 0.03) – the lower the level of Th1-like γδT cells, the higher the TNSS value. Conclusion: Administration of sublingual PMBL tablets during the grass pollen season proves to have a high efficacy in alleviating SAR symptoms in children sensitized to grass pollen allergens. Th1-like γδT cells may be used as potential markers for SAR severity in children. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier (NCT04802616).
Efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: A network meta-analysis; Background: To systematically evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis (AR) and provide evidence for clinical treatment. Methods: A literature search was performed on the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Wanfang database, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and Embase database. Data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of sublingual immunotherapy for AR were screened and extracted from the establishment of those databases to November 2022. Subsequently, a network meta-analysis was performed using a statistical software R 4.2. Results: Totally 22 RCTs that met the inclusion and exclusion criteria and screened from 1,164 literature were included. A total of 4,941 AR patients were involved in the 22 trials, as well as five interventions including placebo, pharmacotherapy, subcutaneous immunotherapy_dust mite, sublingual immunotherapy_dust mite, and sublingual immunotherapy_ grass mix plus pollen extract. The results of network meta-analysis showed that, based on symptom scores after different interventions for AR, the most effective treatments for AR were in order as follows: sublingual immunotherapy_dust mite, subcutaneous immunotherapy_dust mite, sublingual immunotherapy_ grass mix plus pollen extract, placebo, and pharmacotherapy. Importantly, sublingual immunotherapy had fewer adverse reactions and higher safety. Conclusion: Sublingual immunotherapy_dust mite for AR has the best efficacy, whereas traditional medicine has the worst. More high-quality studies with a large sample and multiple centers are needed to verify this conclusion in the future, so as to further provide more reliable evidence-based medical evidence for the clinical treatment options of AR patients.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy and COVID-19: What happened?; Background: The COVID-19 infection played a key role in the discontinuation of patient treatment, such as allergen-specific immunotherapy, in chronic diseases. Objectives: We conducted a retrospective observational study at Verona University Hospital, Verona, Italy, to assess the level of adherence to sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in patients affected by allergic rhinitis and mild asthma. Materials and Methods: We compared and analysed data related to first prescription and collection of 5-grass-pollen 300-index of reactivity (IR) SLIT and tablet lyophilisate, containing 75,000 standardized quality tablet units (SQ-T) allergen extract of grass-pollen from Phleum pratense L, for the five-year period 2017-2021.In particular we considered the group of naïve patients from 2017 who completed pre-COVID treatment (2017-2019) and the group of naïve patients from 2019 who completed treatment during the COVID period (2019-2021). The significance test used was Student’s t-test, and P < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Results: In the three-year period 2017-2019, 264 naïve patients began treatment in 2017, of these 181 continued in 2018, 135 continued in 2019. Instead, for the period 2017–2019, there were 226 naïve patients in 2019
Off-label Use of Oral Immunotherapy for Rhinoconjunctivitis and Asthma due to Grass Pollen: A Safe and Effective Alternative in Patients over 65 Years Old: A Series of Case Reports; Introduction: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma are the most common IgE-mediated diseases worldwide. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is currently the only modifying treatment for these IgE-mediated diseases in both children and adults. Subcutaneous immunotherapy is widely used, but in patients over 65 years old, there may be an increased risk of adverse reactions and a worse response to treatment. Oral immunotherapy (OIT) has been proven to be effective and safe, but currently, in most countries, it has been licensed only for patients up to 65 years old based on its technical datasheet. So far, no studies on the efficacy and safety of this type of immunotherapy in patients older than 65 years old have been published. Case Presentation: We present four patients older than 65 years old with a diagnosis of moderate seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis and moderate-persistent seasonal pollen-induced asthma. Off-label use of oral immunotherapy (OIT) for grass pollen was prescribed due to the severity of their rhinocon-junctivitis symptoms and the worsening of asthma symptoms during the spring. Improvement in the rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma symptoms was reported by all patients since the first spring season and was maintained during the following two years of follow-up. There were no systemic reactions, and only two patients initially had self-limiting oral pruritus. Conclusion: Oral immunotherapy for pollens appears to be a convenient, effective, and safe option in older patients (>65 years) with comorbidities after a three-year treatment. This is, to the best of our knowledge, the first report on the off-label use of OIT in patients over 65 years old with symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma.
Pharmacotherapy and immunotherapy of allergic rhinitis induced by house dust mite, grass, and birch pollen allergens: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background: The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of oral antihistamines (AHs), intranasal antihistamines (INAH) intranasal glucocorticosteroids (INCS), subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in the management of allergic rhinitis (AR). The authors focused on the division into selected AR’s triggers: house dust mites (HDMs), grass pollen, and birch pollen. Methods: For each drug and allergen class, a meta-analysis of the efficacy and adverse events (AEs) was performed. The obtained results were presented as a therapeutic index (TIX-Score). Results: Twenty-seven randomized clinical trials (RCTs) were included. The best total efficacy was observed for: HDMs for INCS and grass pollen for combination of INCS with INAH in a single device and for INAH. Considering the data that was obtained for birch pollen, SLIT showed statistically significant total efficacy. Summation scores for efficacy and AEs showed highest TIX-Score for combination of INCS and INAH in a single device in grass pollen. Conclusions: Treatment methods selected for this review may serve as an effective and safe treatment in reducing perennial and seasonal AR’s symptoms. However, due to high heterogeneity probably associated with potential confounders existence in control in some cases, results should be interpreted with caution.
Identification of carboxymethyl (CM)-binding proteins derived from Lolium multiflorum pollen extract and antibody reactivity in Brazilian allergic patients; Lolium multiflorum grass is the major pollen allergen source in the southern region of Brazil, but most of its allergens remain poorly characterized. The aim of this study was to investigate antibody reactivity to L. multiflorum crude and carboxymethyl-ligand extracts in allergic patients and healthy individuals. Ion exchange carboxymethyl (CM) chromatography (CM-Sepharose) was used to isolate proteins (S2) from L. multiflorum crude extract (S1), which were assessed by SDS-PAGE. S1-and S2-specific IgE and IgG4 levels were measured by ELISA using sera from 55 atopic and 16 non-atopic subjects. Reactive polypeptide bands in S1 and S2 were detected by immunoblotting, and the most prominent bands in S2 were analyzed by mass spectrometry (MS-MS). Similar IgE and IgG4 levels were observed to both S1 (IgE median absorbance: 1.22
Adoptive transfer of allergen-expressing B cells prevents IgE-mediated allergy; Introduction: Prophylactic strategies to prevent the development of allergies by establishing tolerance remain an unmet medical need. We previously reported that the transfer of autologous hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) expressing the major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 5, on their cell surface induced allergen-specific tolerance in mice. In this study, we investigated the ability of allergen-expressing immune cells (dendritic cells, CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells, and CD19+ B cells) to induce allergen-specific tolerance in naive mice and identified CD19+ B cells as promising candidates for allergen-specific cell therapy. Methods: For this purpose, CD19+ B cells were isolated from Phl p 5-transgenic BALB/c mice and transferred to naive BALB/c mice, pre-treated with a short course of rapamycin and an anti-CD40L antibody. Subsequently, the mice were subcutaneously sensitized three times at 4-week intervals to Phl p 5 and Bet v 1 as an unrelated control allergen. Allergen-expressing cells were followed in the blood to monitor molecular chimerism, and sera were analyzed for Phl p 5- and Bet v 1-specific IgE and IgG1 levels by RBL assay and ELISA, respectively. In vivo allergen-induced lung inflammation was measured by whole-body plethysmography, and mast cell degranulation was determined by skin testing. Results: The transfer of purified Phl p 5-expressing CD19+ B cells to naive BALB/c mice induced B cell chimerism for up to three months and prevented the development of Phl p 5-specific IgE and IgG1 antibody responses for a follow-up period of 26 weeks. Since Bet v 1 but not Phl p 5-specific antibodies were detected, the induction of tolerance was specific for Phl p 5. Whole-body plethysmography revealed preserved lung function in CD19+ B cell-treated mice in contrast to sensitized mice, and there was no Phl p 5-induced mast cell degranulation in treated mice. Discussion: Thus, we demonstrated that the transfer of Phl p 5-expressing CD19+ B cells induces allergen-specific tolerance in a mouse model of grass pollen allergy. This approach could be further translated into a prophylactic regimen for the prevention of IgE-mediated allergy in humans.
Efficacy and safety of sublingual versus subcutaneous immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aim: To systematically compare the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children with allergic rhinitis (AR). Methods: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science were searched from inception to March 2, 2023. Outcomes included symptom scores (SSs), medication scores (MSs), symptom and medication scores (SMSs), new sensitizations, development of asthma, improvement, and treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs). The quality of the included studies was assessed by the modified Jadad scale and Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). Meta-regression was carried out to explore the source of heterogeneity. Subgroup analysis was further conducted in terms of study design [randomized controlled trials (RCTs), cohort studies], allergen [house dust mites (HDMs), grass pollen], treatment duration (≥ 24, 12-23 or < 12 months), allergen immunotherapy (AIT) modality (drops or tablets), and AIT protocol [continuous, pre-seasonal, co-seasonal, or after the grass pollen season (GPS)]. Sensitivity analysis was conducted for all outcomes. A Bayesian framework and a Monte Carlo Markov Chain (MCMC) model were developed for indirect comparison. Results: Totally 50 studies with 10813 AR children were included, with 4122 treated with SLIT, 1852 treated with SCIT, and 4839 treated with non-SLIT or non-SCIT therapy. For direct comparison, the SLIT group had a similar SS to the SCIT group [pooled standardized mean difference (SMD): 0.41, 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.46, 1.28, P = 0.353]. Comparable MSs were observed in the SLIT and SCIT groups (pooled SMD: 0.82, 95%CI: -0.88, 2.53, P = 0.344). For indirect comparison, no significant differences were found in SSs (pooled SMD: 1.20, 95% credibility interval (CrI): -1.70, 4.10), MSs (pooled SMD: 0.57, 95%CrI: -1.20, 2.30), SMSs (pooled SMD: 1.80, 95%CrI: -0.005, 3.60), new sensitizations [pooled relative risk (RR): 0.34, 95%CrI: 0.03, 3.58], and development of asthma (pooled RR: 0.68, 95%CrI: 0.01, 26.33) between the SLIT and SCIT groups
Real-Life Effectiveness of Subcutaneous Immune Therapy with Carbamylated Monomeric Allergoids on Mite, Grass, and Pellitory Respiratory Allergy: A Retrospective Study; Background: real-life studies are encouraged to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of allergen immunotherapy (AIT). In this context, a retrospective cohort study was conducted to assess the effectiveness and safety of carbamylated monomeric allergoid subcutaneous immunotherapy (MA-SCIT), along with patient satisfaction. Methods: a total of 291 patients with rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma with inhalant (house dust mite, grass, and pellitory) allergies were enrolled in this study. Perceived efficacy and perceived satisfaction with MA-SCIT, symptom score by VAS, ARIA classification of rhinitis, drug consumption, number of asthma worsening episodes, and asthma symptom control were evaluated by questionnaires before, after one year, at the end of treatment, and after one or two years of MA-SCIT. Results: the overall symptom score significantly decreased over the years of MA-SCIT, irrespective of specific sensitization (p < 0.01). There was a substantial amelioration of rhinitis severity, with a significant reduction (p < 0.01) in drug use. A significant reduction was observed in the asthma symptom VAS score and asthma-worsening episodes requiring systemic steroids. None of the patients reported any severe adverse reactions. Finally, 90% of the patients reported full satisfaction with the treatment. Conclusions: the study showed that AIT with carbamylated monomeric allergoids of grass, pellitory, and mites was effective and well tolerated by patients.
Correlation of the combined symptom and medication score with quality of life, symptom severity and symptom control in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology recommended the Combined Symptom and Medication Score (CSMS) as primary endpoint in clinical trials on allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Here, the correlation between the CSMS and the validated standardised Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ(S)), Rhinitis Control Assessment Test (RCAT) and Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was analysed. Methods: Two prospective, multicentre, non-interventional studies on tree pollen, grass pollen and house dust mite allergic patients were performed. The first study comprised 167 patients receiving AIT (AIT population), and the second included 56 patients treated with symptomatic medication only (control population). For up to two seasons (pollen)/exposure periods (house dust mites), participants documented their symptoms and medication intake in a CSMS diary, including VAS. In addition, the standardised RQLQ(S) and the RCAT were completed during study visits. Results: Comparison between CSMS and RQLQ(S) revealed a positive correlation in the AIT population (r = 0.426) and in the control population (r = 0.569). For CSMS and RCAT, a negative correlation with r = −0.409 (AIT) and r = −0.547 (control) was shown. Positive correlation between CSMS and VAS was also demonstrated with r = 0.585 (AIT) and r = 0.563 (control). Conclusion: These results support the assumption that the CSMS correlates with quality of life, symptom severity and symptom control on the one hand, while the moderate strength of correlations on the other hand mirrors distinctions of the CSMS compared to the assessments used here.
The Melbourne epidemic thunderstorm asthma event 2016: a 5-year longitudinal study; Background: In 2016, Melbourne was struck by the world's largest and most devastating epidemic thunderstorm asthma (ETSA) episode. While affected individuals displayed worsened short-term asthma control, little is known about their longer-term natural history, nor about interventions that restore control. Objective: We assessed the asthma symptomatology and related behaviours of ETSA-affected individuals through a single-centre prospective 5-year longitudinal study. We embedded an open-label observational trial investigating the role of grass pollen sublingual tablet (Oralair) allergen immunotherapy in improving asthma and allergic rhinitis symptoms. Methods: Allergic rhinitis symptom severity, frequency of asthma symptoms and inhaled corticosteroid usage were assessed via questionnaire yearly. In 2018, a subgroup of participants was enrolled in an observational study of Oralair treatment compared to control. The active group received Oralair from 2019 to 2021
LIDOCAINE ANAPHYLAXIS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR ITS UBIQUITY IN AESTHETIC PRACTICE; INTRODUCTION We describe the case of a 52-year-old woman presenting with two episodes of anaphylaxis following the administration of Lidocaine during dental and aesthetic procedures. The patient suffers from seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) but has no other comorbid conditions. Her first cousin has a confirmed Lidocaine hypersensitivity. METHOD The first episode occurred in 2020 during an oral hygiene procedure employing an oral local anaesthetic gel, at which shortness of breath, tight chest and wheeze developed within minutes. These resolved spontaneously without any medication being administered. The second episode occurred in 2021 within 30 minutes of the injection to the face of a Dermal Filler containing 2% Hyaluronic acid 0.3% Lidocaine, Dextran, Mannitol, 1,4-Butanediol Diglycidyl (BDDE), Divinyl Sulphone and Diepoxyoctane. She again experienced shortness of breath, chest tightness and wheeze. These symptoms resolved within an hour of taking oral antihistamines (Fexofenadine 360 mg). We investigated her with skin-prick testing (SPT) to aeroallergens, Hevea Braziliensis (Latex)-specific immunoglobulin E (IgE) and Lidocaine and Bupivacaine flow cellular-antigen stimulation (CAST) testing. RESULTS Skin-testing revealed sensitisation to grass and weed pollens and house-dust mite (HDM) (wheal and flare > 4 mm each). Latex IgE was negative (0.07 kuA/L), flow cast was positive (10.20%) to Lidocaine (normal < 8.8%) and negative (3.30%) to Bupivacaine. Given these results, SPT and intradermal testing to Bupivacaine were conducted. The SPT was negative (0 mm wheal and flare, positive control 3 mm), intradermal testing was also negative (no visible wheal or flare present). Given these skin-test results, we proceeded to a graded subcutaneous Bupivacaine challenge. Here, a standard adult dose of 16 mg Bupivacaine was ultimately tolerated without any adverse reaction. We subsequently supplied the patient with an anaphylaxis action plan and an adrenaline autoinjector and recommended the sole use of Bupivacaine for future local anaesthesia. AR was treated. She was disconcerted that this allergy precluded her eligibility for further such filler treatments and would seek alternative Lignocaine-free fillers should these become accessible in future. CONCLUSION This case outlines the potentially life-threatening danger of local anaesthetic hypersensitivity. It identifies a gap in the pharmaceutical industry, given the ubiquity of dermal filler used in aesthetic medical practice. It highlights the need for a Lidocaine-free alternative for the doubtless many patients with a similar allergy.
Allergen Immunotherapy in Young Children; Purpose of Review: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has been shown to be safe and effective in children and is a unique treatment strategy that has disease-modifying and preventative effects that are not shared with other treatment options for allergic diseases. This article reviews the present knowledge and relevant updates on AIT in children. Recent Findings: Although there is no definite lower age limit for starting AIT, clear indications for AIT are established and each case should be considered individually by weighing risks and benefits. Documented short- and long-term benefits of AIT in children with allergic disease include significant improvement of symptoms and quality of life, and decreased use of medications as well as preventing the development of new allergen sensitizations and the progression of allergic rhinitis to asthma. Summary: This review provides a comprehensive overview of the present knowledge and key updates on AIT in the pediatric population.
Clinical Efficacy and Safety of Artesimia annua -Sublingual Immunotherapy in Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis Patients Based on Different Intervention Time; Introduction: Artemisia is a major kind of grass pollen in Northern China that can cause multiple kinds of common allergic diseases, such as allergic rhinitis (AR), conjunctivitis, or asthma. Recently, Artemisia annua Allergens Sublingual Immunotherapy Drops have been proved effective and safe for treating seasonal AR (SAR) with or without allergic conjunctivitis patients and were available in China. We sought to further investigate the different intervention times of A. annua-sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for evaluating efficacy and safety in patients with SAR. Methods: A total of 88 subjects aged 18-52 years with SAR were enrolled and randomized into the SLIT group and control group. Forty-five patients received a course of SLIT with A. annua extracts along with pharmacotherapy as SLIT group and 43 patients only used symptomatic drugs as control group. Furthermore, SLIT group was randomly divided into 12-13 weeks' pre-seasonal treatment group and 8-9 weeks' pre-seasonal treatment group to receive different duration of SLIT before pollen season. Monosensitized and polysensitized groups were also the subgroups of SLIT group according to the sensitization status of patients. The combined symptom and medication score (CSMS), total nasal symptom score (TNSS), total medication score (TMS), visual analog score (VAS) were evaluated during the peak pollen phase in 2020 and 2021, respectively. Safety was assessed according to adverse events (AEs) reported. Results: Compared to control group, CSMS, TNSS, TMS, VAS were significantly improved during the course of SLIT (p < 0.001). Besides, clinical improvement in nasal symptoms and reduction of medication use was also observed in SLIT group, compared to the baseline value (p < 0.001). Meanwhile, we observed that there was no significant difference between monosensitized group (n = 8) and polysensitized group (n = 29), as well as 12-13 weeks' preseasonal treatment group (n = 20) and 8-9 weeks' pre-seasonal treatment group (n = 17) belonging to the SLIT group in clinical efficacy (p > 0.05). No severe systemic AEs were reported. Conclusions: This study proved that A. annua-SLIT can provide equivalent efficacy and safety for SAR patients under the circumstance of accepting the pre-seasonal treatment of 8-9 or 12-13 weeks, regardless of monosensitization or polysensitization.
Aeromonas veronii infection remarkably increases expression of lysozymes in grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus) and injection of lysozyme expression cassette along with QCDC adjuvant significantly upregulates immune factors and decreases cumulative mortality; Aeromonas veronii AvX005 is a pathogenic bacterium with high toxicity to grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus). The expression levels of g-type (goose-type lysozyme, Lys-g) and c-type lysozyme (chicken-type lysozyme, Lys-c) in the spleen of grass carp infected with AvX005 were significantly increased by approximately 4.5 times and 27 times, respectively. The recombinant proteins rLys-g and rLys-c produced in a recombinant expression system of Escherichia coli showed significant antibacterial activity against the pathogenic bacteria AvX005. A challenge test was conducted after rLys-g and rLys-c were expressed in grass carp L8824 liver cells, and compared with the survival rate of the control cells (46.3%), the survival rate of the experimental cells (77.6% for rLys-g and 68.6% for rLys-c) was significantly increased. Grass carp were infected with AvX005 on the second day after delivering pcDNA3.1-lys-g and pcDNA-lys-c with the Quil A/cholesterol/DDA/Carbopol (QCDC) adjuvant, and both pcDNA3.1-lys-g and pcDNA-lys-c provided 70% relative protection for grass carp. The activity of lysozyme and alkaline phosphatase in the serum of grass carp was significantly increased after injection of DNA. The expression of the immune factors IgM, C3 and IL8 in the kidney was upregulated to varying degrees for pcDNA3.1-lys-g and immune factors C3 and IgM was upregulated for pcDNA-lys-c. The results indicated that pcDNA3.1-lys-g and pcDNA-lys-c may be used as immunostimulants to protect grass carp from the pathogenic bacterium AvX005.
Subcutaneous immunotherapy study demonstrates clinically relevant improvement in primary field outcome in grass pollen allergic subjects; Objectives: An exploratory field study with a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product using MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (MCT) and Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL) as an adjuvant system was conducted to optimize a planned pivotal Phase III study. Method: The study was a multi-centre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized and parallel-group study. 119 subjects were enrolled across 14 sites in Germany and the US. Six pre-seasonal subcutaneous injections of Grass MATA MPL or placebo were administered in a 2:1 ratio (administered over 6 and 14 weeks, respectively), in adult subjects with moderate to severe seasonal allergic rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma that was well controlled. The primary end-point was the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) during the peak grass pollen season (GPS). Results: A clinically relevant and clinical significant improvement in primary CSMS was demonstrated compared to placebo in both active treatment groups. Secondary endpoints also showed strong improvements, reaching statistical significance for rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) and allergen specific IgG4. Furthermore, both dosing posologies were deemed safe and well tolerated. Conclusions: These results demonstrate significantly large reductions in use of daily symptom and relief medications after six SCIT injections with Grass MATA MPL. The primary CSMS endpoint reached strong statistical significance despite the limited sample size and exploratory nature of the study. This study will enable optimal design and maximize the chance of success for the upcoming pivotal Phase III SCIT study with Grass MATA MPL to be initiated simultaneously in Europe and the US in 2022.
Efficacy and safety of sublingual allergen immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets represent a new allergen immunotherapy option for clinicians. In North America, there are five SLIT-tablets approved for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). No SLIT-drops products are currently approved in the United States or Canada. This work reviewed the efficacy of the timothy grass SLIT-tablet, five-grass SLIT-tablet, ragweed SLIT-tablet, house-dust mite SLIT-tablet, and tree SLIT-tablet in patients with ARC. All the SLIT-tablets showed consistent clinical efficacy for the treatment of ARC in large, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials, including for both patients who were monosensitized and those who were polysensitized. Treatment with house-dust mite SLIT-tablet has shown efficacy in patients who are pollen sensitized during their respective pollen seasons. In contrast to SLIT-tablets, efficacy studies of SLIT-drops show high heterogeneity of treatment effect. Although data are scarce, data that compared the efficacy of SLIT-tablets versus ARC pharmacotherapy generally indicated that SLIT-tablets had a greater benefit than pharmacotherapy when compared with placebo, particularly for perennial ARC. When compared with subcutaneous immunotherapy, analysis of these data indicated that SLIT-tablets had a benefit over subcutaneous immunotherapy in regard to safety but somewhat less benefit in regard to efficacy. The safety of SLIT-tablets has been well documented, and a U.S. Food and Drug Administration class label with safety considerations is present in the prescribing information for all SLIT-tablets. No new safety signals have been observed after reinitiating SLIT-tablets after a short treatment interruption.
Long-term efficacy of the sublingual and subcutaneous routes in allergen immunotherapy; Allergen immunotherapy is highly effective in selected patients with allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma, and Hymenoptera venom allergy. Unlike anti-allergic drugs, both subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapies have been shown to modify the underlying cause of the disease, with proved long-term clinical benefits after treatment cessation. In this review, we analyzed 10 randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled clinical trials of allergen immunotherapy that included blinded follow-up for at least 1 year after treatment withdrawal. Three studies of pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy provided evidence that a sustained, tolerogenic effect of subcutaneous immunotherapy can be achieved after 3 years of treatment. Six trials of sublingual immunotherapy provided robust evidence for long-term clinical benefit and persistent immunologic changes after grass pollen, house-dust mite, or Japanese cedar immunotherapy, whereas a clinical trial of both sublingual and subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapies showed that 2 years of immunotherapy were efficacious but insufficient to induce long-term tolerance. These studies strongly supported international guidelines that recommend at least 3 years of allergen immunotherapy of proven value to achieve disease modification and sustained clinical and immunologic tolerance.
Integrating the evidence in allergen immunotherapy: Why real-world data should be important for the practicing clinician?; Data obtained from controlled clinical trials are the gold standard for evaluation of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) efficacy and safety. Less prone to biases (with a strong internal validity), they allow their use and external validation in the real world. The quantity and diversity of real-world data has increased exponentially, and access to large cohorts and electronic medical records have made this information increasingly accessible and useful for research and regulatory purposes. New retrospective database studies have confirmed the sustained benefits of grass, birch pollen, and house dust mite AIT for both allergic rhinitis and asthma symptom and medication scores, the prevention of asthma (when used in nonasthmatic rhinitics), and the real rate of adverse systemic reactions. They also have addressed clinical practice issues not elsewhere analyzed, including the management of polysensitized patients with respiratory allergies and adherence to AIT. Real-world evidence has its own biases and limits that need to be taken into account. In this article we present a concise summary of the literature about the role of real-world evidence in AIT.
Determining the minimal important differences in the RQLQ score with grass and tree allergy immunotherapy versus placebo in adults with moderate-to-severe allergy; Background: Pollen from grasses and trees can trigger allergic rhinitis (AR), where the symptoms and associated consequences can negatively affect quality of life (QoL). The Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) is frequently used in clinical trials of AR to assess QoL. To help interpret RQLQ data, the minimal important difference (MID) can be used to assess whether a mean difference in QoL between treatment groups is clinically meaningful. In seasonal allergy, an MID differs according to the allergen, pollen exposure, symptom severity, patient age and treatment
Intralymphatic immunotherapy with one or two allergens renders similar clinical response in patients with allergic rhinitis due to birch and grass pollen; Introduction: There is a need for a fast, efficient and safe way to induce tolerance in patients with severe allergic rhinitis. Intralymphatic immune therapy has been shown to be effective. Methods: Patients with severe birch and timothy allergy were randomized and received three doses of 0.1 ml of birch and 5-grass allergen extracts (10,000 SQ units/ml, ALK-Abelló), or birch and placebo or 5-grass and placebo by ultrasound-guided injections into inguinal lymph nodes at monthly intervals. Rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score, medication score and rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire were evaluated before treatment and after each birch and grass pollen season during three subsequent years. Circulating proportions of T helper subsets and allergen-induced cytokine and chemokine production were analysed by flow cytometry and Luminex. Results: The three groups reported fewer symptoms, lower use of medication and improved quality of life during the birch and grass pollen seasons each year after treatment at an almost similar rate independently of treatment with one or two allergens. Mild local pain was the most common adverse event. IgE levels to birch decreased, whereas birch-induced IL-10 secretion increased in all three groups. IgG4 levels to birch and timothy and skin prick test reactivity remained mainly unchanged. Conjunctival challenge tests with timothy extract showed a higher threshold for allergen. In all three groups, regulatory T cell frequencies were increased 3 years after treatment. Conclusions: Intralymphatic immunotherapy with one or two allergens in patients with grass and birch pollen allergy was safe, effective and may be associated with bystander immune modulatory responses. Clinical Trial Registration: EudraCT (2013-004726-28).
Allergen immunotherapy for asthma prevention: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized controlled studies; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a disease-modifying treatment for IgE-mediated diseases. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) support AIT's potential role in asthma prevention but evidence from non-randomized studies of interventions (NRSI) and longitudinal observational studies has been poorly addressed. Therefore, we aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess clinical data from all study types to evaluate quantitatively the preventive role of AIT in asthma onset. Methods: We search three databases. Studies were screened, selected and evaluated for quality using risk-of-bias (ROB) tools. Data were descriptively summarized and meta-analysed using random effects. We performed a sensitivity, influence and subgroup analyses. Publication bias and heterogeneity were assessed. Results: From the 4549 identified studies, 24 (12 RCTs and 12 NRSI) were included in the qualitative synthesis and 18 underwent meta-analysis. One study was at low ROB, seven had moderate ROB, and 15 were proven of high ROB. Random-effects analysis showed a significant decrease in the risk of developing asthma following AIT by 25% (RR, 95% CI: 0.75, 0.64–0.88). This effect was not significant in the sensitivity analysis. Publication bias raised concerns, together with the moderate heterogeneity between studies (I2 = 58%). Subgroup analysis showed a remarkable preventive effect of AIT in children (RR, 95% CI: 0.71, 0.53–0.96), when completing 3 years of therapy (RR, 95% CI: 0.64, 0.47–0.88), and in mono-sensitized patients (RR, 95% CI: 0.49, 0.39–0.61). Conclusions: Our findings support a possible preventive effect of AIT in asthma onset and suggest an enhanced effect when administered in children, mono-sensitized, and for at least 3 years, independently of allergen type.
Regulation of the macrophage cellular response by Clinacanthus nutans extracts in J774.2 macrophages; Clinacanthus nutans is a medicinal plant from the Acanthaceae family, and it is well-known as 'Belalai gajah' and Sabah Snake Grass in Malaysia. C. nutans extracts have been reported to exhibit various bioactivities but reports about its immunomodulatory role are limited. Macrophage activation is lacking in certain macrophage-related immunodeficiency disorders, but it occurs constitutively in certain inflammatory diseases. Thus, the authors investigated the potential role of C. nutans extracts in regulating the macrophage cellular response in J774.2 mouse macrophages. J774.2 macrophages were treated with different concentrations (0–1000 µg/mL) of C. nutans ethanol, ethanol-aqueous, and aqueous extracts for 24, 48, and 72 h and the cytotoxicity effect was assayed using PrestoBlue assay. Then, the macrophages were incubated with 32 µg/mL of ethanol, 500 µg/mL of ethanol-aqueous, and 32 µg/mL of aqueous extracts of C. nutans for 48 h. Cytokine secretion, phagocytic activity, and expression of M1 and M2 activation markers were assessed using a multiplexed cytokine bead-based assay, fluorescence microscopy, and flow cytometry. All extracts did not show any significant cytotoxic effect towards J774.2 macrophages within the extract concentration range tested (cell viability >50%). The ethanol-aqueous extract showed the greatest potential for downregulating lipopolysaccharide-induced pro-inflammatory cytokine (IL-1β, IL-6, and IL-12p40) production and CD86 (M1 activation marker) expression level and for stimulating the phagocytic function of J774.2 macrophages.
Pharmacokinetics and Concentration-Response of Dupilumab in Patients With Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis; Patients with moderate to severe allergic rhinitis may benefit from subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), despite the risk of systemic allergic reaction. Dupilumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that blocks the shared receptor component for interleukin-4 and interleukin-13, key drivers of the type 2 inflammation seen in allergic rhinitis, thereby inhibiting their signaling. In the LIBERTY Grass AID trial (NCT03558997), 16 weeks of treatment with 300 mg of dupilumab every 2 weeks plus timothy grass (TG) SCIT did not reduce TG allergen challenge nasal symptom scores compared with SCIT only but did improve tolerability of SCIT up-titration in patients with a history of grass pollen–induced seasonal allergic rhinitis. Here, we present the pharmacokinetics of functional serum dupilumab and concentration-response relationships in 52 patients enrolled in this trial. Functional dupilumab concentrations and concentrations of TG-specific IgE and IgG4 were assessed in blood samples collected from dupilumab-only and SCIT + dupilumab–treated groups. Mean functional dupilumab concentrations were similar in both groups and reached a steady state of ≈70–80 mg/L at week 5. One week after the end of treatment, TG-specific IgG4 concentrations were increased in the SCIT + dupilumab group, but not in the dupilumab-only group, over the range of dupilumab concentrations evaluated, whereas no changes were seen for TG-specific IgE concentrations. This study demonstrates that SCIT does not alter functional concentrations of serum dupilumab, and the impact of SCIT on TG-specific immunoglobulins is not affected by functional dupilumab concentrations over the range studied, indicating that maximum response was achieved in all patients.
Coordinated IgG2 and IgE responses as a marker of allergen immunotherapy efficacy; Background: IgG2 responses are associated with repeated antigen exposure and display highly mutated variable domains. A recent study highlighted a role of IgG2+ memory B cells and allergen-specific IgG2 levels after a 3rd consecutive pre-seasonal sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with grass pollen tablet. Herein, we aim to explore changes in allergen-specific IgG2 in individuals undergoing house dust mite immunotherapy (HDM-AIT) and explore whether the interrelationship with other humoral responses (i.e., IgG4 and IgE) may discriminate between high and low responders. Methods: Levels of serum Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and Dermatophagoides farinae-specific IgG2, IgG4, and IgE antibodies were measured by ELISA or ImmunoCap in a sub-group of individuals enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, sublingual AIT study evaluating the safety and efficacy of a 300 IR HDM tablet. Results: After 1-year sublingual AIT, HDM-specific serum IgG2 responses increase mostly in high versus low responders and are distinctive according to the clinical benefit. Higher correlation between HDM-specific IgG2, IgE, and/or IgG4 responses is seen in subjects benefiting the most from HDM-AIT as indicated by changes in Average Total Combined Scores. More strikingly, statistically significant correlation between HDM-specific IgG2 and IgE responses is only observed in individuals stratified as high responders. Conclusions: We provide evidence for coordinated serum immune responses upon AIT in HDM-allergic subjects exhibiting high clinical benefit when compared with low responders. Assessing HDM-specific IgE, IgG2, and IgG4 in serum could be used as follow-up combined markers to support decision as to AIT continuation and/or adaptation.
High-dose pollen intralymphatic immunotherapy: Two RDBPC trials question the benefit of dose increase; Background: The same dosing schedule, 1000 SQ-U times three, with one-month intervals, have been evaluated in most trials of intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) for the treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR). The present studies evaluated if a dose escalation in ILIT can enhance the clinical and immunological effects, without compromising safety. Methods: Two randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trials of ILIT for grass pollen-induced AR were performed. The first included 29 patients that had recently ended 3 years of SCIT and the second contained 39 not previously vaccinated patients. An up-dosage of 1000–3000–10,000 (5000 + 5000 with 30 minutes apart) SQ-U with 1 month in between was evaluated. Results: Doses up to 10,000 SQ-U were safe after recent SCIT. The combined symptom-medication scores (CSMS) were reduced by 31% and the grass-specific IgG4 levels in blood were doubled. In ILIT de novo, the two first patients that received active treatment developed serious adverse reactions at 5000 SQ-U. A modified up-dosing schedule
Nasal carriage of Staphylococcus aureus in children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis and the effect of polyvalent mechanical bacterial lysate immunostimulation on carriage status: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Numerous studies indicate that Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) colonizing the nasal cavity plays a role in the pathogenesis of allergic rhinitis (AR). This bacterium is able to produce a variety of toxins with superantigenic properties that can exacerbate allergic inflammation. Objective: The objective of the study was to evaluate the ability of polyvalent mechanical bacterial lysate (PMBL) to eliminate S. aureus nasal carriage in children with grass pollen-induced AR. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study included 80 children aged 5–17 years with seasonal AR (SAR). At the randomization visit and after 12 weeks of the study, a swab was taken from the region of the middle nasal meatus. Standard microbiology culture and identification techniques were used to analyze the swab contents. Results: Nasal colonization by S. aureus was confirmed in 29 children (42%), with Moraxella catarrhalis in three participants (4.4%). Physiological flora was detected in 37 children. No statistically significant differences were observed between the two measurement points in both the PMBL and placebo groups with respect to the number of patients whose nasal swab cultures showed a growth of S. aureus (p = 1). Both groups also showed no significant changes in the mean number of S. aureus colonies in nasal swab cultures taken at baseline and after 12 weeks of the study (PMBL group p =.41
Allergen immunotherapy in MASK-air users in real-life: Results of a Bayesian mixed-effects model; Background: Evidence regarding the effectiveness of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) on allergic rhinitis has been provided mostly by randomised controlled trials, with little data from real-life studies. Objective: To compare the reported control of allergic rhinitis symptoms in three groups of users of the MASK-air® app: those receiving sublingual AIT (SLIT), those receiving subcutaneous AIT (SCIT), and those receiving no AIT. Methods: We assessed the MASK-air® data of European users with self-reported grass pollen allergy, comparing the data reported by patients receiving SLIT, SCIT and no AIT. Outcome variables included the daily impact of allergy symptoms globally and on work (measured by visual analogue scales—VASs), and a combined symptom-medication score (CSMS). We applied Bayesian mixed-effects models, with clustering by patient, country and pollen season. Results: We analysed a total of 42,756 days from 1,093 grass allergy patients, including 18,479 days of users under AIT. Compared to no AIT, SCIT was associated with similar VAS levels and CSMS. Compared to no AIT, SLIT-tablet was associated with lower values of VAS global allergy symptoms (average difference = 7.5 units out of 100
Interleukin-1β enhances the expression of two antimicrobial peptides in grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) against Vibrio mimicus via activating NF-κB pathway; Vibrio mimicus (V. mimicus) is a pathogen causing serious vibriosis in aquatic animals. Hepcidin and β-Defensin1 are two important antibacterial peptides (AMPs) with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity in fish. In mammals, some evidences demonstrated that interleukin-1β (IL-1β) primarily promote AMPs expression via activating classical NF-κB pathway, but it still remains unclear in fish. Here, the temporal and spatial expression patterns of grass carp IL-1β (gcIL-1β) gene and two AMPs genes (gchepcidin and gcβ-defensin1) in tissues post-V. mimicus infection and anti-V. mimicus activity of these two AMPs in vitro were detected, showing that V. mimicus infection significantly elevated the mRNA levels of these three genes in the immune-related tissues although their expression patterns were not entirely consistent, and both gcHepcidin and gcβ-Defensin1 possessed anti-V. mimicus activity in vitro. Subsequently, the recombinant gcIL-1β (rgcIL-1β) was expressed prokaryotically in an inclusion body, which could promote proliferation of grass carp head kidney leukocytes (gcHKLs) and enhance respiratory burst activity and phagocytic activity of head kidney macrophages. Stimulation with rgcIL-1β was able to significantly regulate the mRNA expression of key regulatory genes (il-1RI, traf6, tak1, ikkβ, iκBα and p65) involved in the activation of classical NF-κB pathway, and then induce gcTAK1 phosphorylation, promote gcp65 nuclear translocation and enhance endogenous gcIL-1β expression at both mRNA and protein levels, implying NF-κB pathway was activated. More importantly, exogenous rgcIL-1β stimulation also significantly up-regulated both gcHepcidin and gcβ-Defensin1 mRNA levels against V. mimicus, and the regulatory effect was blocked or inhibited by NF-κB inhibitor PDTC. Taken together, our results demonstrated for the first time that grass carp IL-1β stimulation could significantly enhance the expression of these two anti-V.mimicus AMPs via activating classical NF-κB pathway.
Which patients with asthma are most likely to benefit from allergen immunotherapy?; If allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is to be considered as a treatment option for allergic asthma, it must undergo the same developmental steps as other antiasthmatic drugs. The bronchial allergen challenge model has demonstrated excellent negative predictive value for the development of new therapies for asthma. Subcutaneous immunotherapy appears to have a clinical and significant effect on the early asthmatic response to mite, cat, and birch and grass pollens in children and adults. Use of AIT in children with asthma is widely practiced but not supported by as strong a level of evidence as in adults. House dust mite sublingual immunotherapy tablets demonstrate efficacy in asthma exacerbations and other outcomes when used as add-on therapy in adult patients. Using a biologic to improve the patient's lung functions and asthma control before initiating AIT can transform unsuitable candidates for AIT into appropriate candidates. Because AIT is a form of personalized medicine, phenotyping the most suitable patient is necessary. Field studies of adults and children have suggested that polysensitized patients with rhinitis and Global Initiative for Asthma class 2 to class 4 asthma appear the most likely to be good responders. We hypothesized that AIT responders are those who demonstrate a high eosinophilic response to natural or experimental exposure.
Allergen immunotherapy for long-term tolerance and prevention; Allergen immunotherapy is effective for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma, and Hymenoptera venom allergy. In view of potential side effects, cost, and the necessary patient commitment, an important question is whether allergen immunotherapy provides persistent clinical benefits after treatment discontinuation. Here, we appraise the existing evidence for long-term effects of both subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy in terms of clinical efficacy, immune mechanisms, prevention of asthma development, and prevention of new allergen sensitizations. Evidence from large, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials that include a follow-up phase after treatment cessation demonstrate long-term efficacy. The data strongly support recommendations in international guidelines that both sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy should be continued for a minimum of 3 years to achieve disease modification and long-term tolerance. Grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal rhinitis may inhibit the onset of asthma symptoms and requirements for asthma medication. Whether early intervention in infancy with mite sublingual immunotherapy may prevent asthma remains to be tested.
Baseline Conjunctival Provocation Testing Score Predicts Grass-Specific Immunoglobulin Response; Rationale: A baseline conjunctival provocation test (CPT) score was optimized to predict which subjects with grass pollen induced seasonal allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis would benefit most from treatment with a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product using MicroCrystalline Tyrosine and Monophosphoryl Lipid A as adjuvant system. A corresponding predictive treatment effect of the Immunoglobulin (Ig)G4 response would further strengthen these findings. Methods: Based on data of a previously performed Phase II study, a CPT scoring was developed to identify CPT high sensitive (CHS) and CPT low sensitive groups (CLS) at baseline. Change from baseline of IgG4 was evaluated and compared between CHS and CLS and between treatment groups. Results: 258 subjects were classified at baseline as CHS and 168 as CLS according to the algorithm used. All active treatment groups showed significantly higher increase in grass-specific IgG4 for CHS compared to CLS subjects (p<0.01), except for 35600 SU. For subjects treated with placebo, no such difference was found (p=0.53). Furthermore, the increase in grass-specific IgG4 was significantly more pronounced (mean [SE]: 3.20 [0.27]) in subjects identified at baseline as CHS than as CLS (mean [SE]:1.63 [0.24]) compared to placebo (p=<0.001). Conclusions: These results demonstrate the strong predictive value of the baseline CPT score for IgG4 increase after modified grass SCIT treatment. The largest IgG4 increase and most pronounced benefit of the treatment compared to placebo was shown for the baseline CHS group. These findings further strengthen the predictive value of our optimized baseline CPT score in clinical trials with allergen immunotherapy.
A Tyrosine Adsorbed Modified Grass Allergen + MPL SCIT Demonstrates Clinically Improvement in Combined Symptom and Medication Score in Subjects with Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis and/or Rhinoconjunctivitis; Rationale: An exploratory field study with a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product using MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (MCT) and Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL) as an adjuvant system was conducted to optimize a planned pivotal Phase III study. Methods: The study was a multi-center, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized and parallel-group study. 119 subjects were enrolled across 14 sites in Germany and the US. Six pre-seasonal subcutaneous injections of Grass MATA MPL or placebo were administered in a 2:1 ratio (administered over 6 and 14 weeks, respectively), in adult subjects with moderate to severe seasonal allergic rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma that was well controlled. The primary endpoint was the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) during the peak grass pollen season (GPS). Results: A statistically significant improvement in primary CSMS was demonstrated compared to placebo of 29.1% (p=0.0367) and 36.8% (p=0.0088) in both active treatment groups. Secondary endpoints also showed strong improvements, reaching statistical significance for rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) and allergen specific IgG4. Furthermore, both dosing posologies were deemed safe and well tolerated. Conclusions: These results demonstrate significantly large reductions in use of daily symptom and relief medications after 6 SCIT injections with Grass MATA MPL. The primary CSMS endpoint reached strong statistical significance despite the limited sample size and exploratory nature of the study. This study will enable optimal design and maximize the chance of success for the upcoming pivotal Phase III SCIT study with Grass MATA MPL to be initiated simultaneously in Europe and the US in 2022.
Factors Associated with Allergen Immunotherapy-Related Systemic Reactions; Rationale: The published rate of subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT)-associated systemic reactions (SR) with conventional build-up protocols is 0.1-0.2% or 1-2 per 1,000 injection visits, but we have observed a higher rate locally. To evaluate overall safety and identify patterns and potential risk factors, we reviewed SR at two of our clinical sites. Methods: Retrospective review of SR was conducted from January 2018 to December 2019. Demographics, asthma severity and treatment, allergen dosing, and other history relating to SR risk were collected. The number of patients and total injection visits during this time period was obtained. Results: A total of 46 SR were recorded across the two sites out of at least 7,025 injection visits during the review period. The SR rate at site 1 was 0.76%, or 7.6 per 1,000 injection visits, and 0.09% at site 2. At site 1, 16/45 reactions (36%) were repeat SR in the same patient, 23/29 patients with SR (79%) had asthma, and 4 of those 23 had moderate or severe persistent asthma. At site 2, the sole patient with a SR had mild persistent asthma. Of the 45 SR, 37 (82%) involved grass pollen mix, and 8/37 (21%) reacted to a dose containing greater than 4,000 BAU of Northern pasture grass. Conclusions: The results of our study reflect observations from prior studies of SCIT-related SR. Based on review of our two local sites, this may be multifactorial and related in part to asthma, continued SCIT in patients with a prior SR, and high grass allergen dosing in some.
5-grass-pollen SLIT effectiveness in seasonal allergic rhinitis: Impact of sensitization to subtropical grass pollen; Background: Temperate grass (eg, ryegrass) pollen is a major driver of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) and asthma risks, including thunderstorm asthma. Data for the effectiveness of temperate grass pollen allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in SAR patients from the southern hemisphere, who are frequently polysensitized to subtropical grass pollens, are limited. The 300 IR 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet (300 IR 5-grass SLIT) is known to be effective in polysensitized SAR patients with primary allergy to temperate grasses, however, the influence of polysensitization to subtropical grass pollen on treatment responses has yet to be specifically addressed. Key aims of this study were to measure patient treatment satisfaction during 300 IR 5-grass SLIT treatment and evaluate how polysensitization to subtropical grass pollens affects treatment responses. Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted in 63 patients (aged ≥5 years) in several temperate regions of Australia prescribed 300 IR 5-grass SLIT for SAR over 3 consecutive grass pollen seasons. Ambient levels of pollen were measured at representative sites. Patient treatment satisfaction was assessed using a QUARTIS questionnaire. Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS) and a Hodges-Lehmann Estimator analysis was performed to evaluate if polysensitization to subtropical grass pollen affected SAR symptom intensity changes during SLIT. Results: A diagnosis of ryegrass pollen allergy was nearly universal. There were 74.6% (47/63) polysensitized to subtropical and temperate grass pollens. There were 23.8% (15/63) monosensitized to temperate grass pollens. From the first pollen season, statistically significant improvements occurred in SAR symptoms compared with baseline in both monosensitized and polysensitized patients, particularly in those polysensitized (P = 0.0297). Improvements in SAR symptoms were sustained and similar in both groups in the second and third pollen seasons, reaching 70–85% improvement (P < 0.01). Polysensitized patients from both northerly and southerly temperate regions in Australia showed similar improvements. Grass pollen counts in both regions were consistently highest during springtime. Conclusions: 300 IR 5-grass SLIT is effective in a real-life setting in SAR patients in the southern hemisphere with primary allergy to temperate grass pollen and predominantly springtime grass pollen exposures. Importantly, SLIT treatment effectiveness was irrespective of the patient's polysensitization status to subtropical grass pollens.
Adherence to subcutaneous immunotherapy with aeroallergens in real-life practice during the COVID-19 pandemic; Background: The success of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) mostly depends on regular injections. Our aim was to investigate adherence to SCIT with aeroallergens during the COVID-19 pandemic and demonstrate clinical consequences of treatment disruptions in real life. Methods: Visual analogue scale for quality of life (VAS-QoL), VAS for symptom scores (VAS-symptom), medication scores (MSs), and total symptom scores (TSS-6) were recorded during the pandemic in 327 adult allergic rhinitis and/or asthmatic patients receiving maintenance SCIT, and these scores were compared with the pre-pandemic data. Patients were grouped according to SCIT administration intervals
Allergen Immunotherapy: Current and Future Trends; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is the sole disease-modifying treatment for allergic rhinitis
Sublingual allergen-specific therapy in a child with diabetes mellitus; The seasonality of exacerbations of pollinosis, a widespread pathology in the pediatric population, depends on the timing of flowering plants in the patient's region of residence. With age, the symptoms of pollen allergy become more pronounced, pollen bronchial asthma develops, the effectiveness of symptomatic therapy decreases, the spectrum of causally significant allergens expands, which requires personalized effective treatment methods. Cases of allergen-specific immunotherapy in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus are rare, therefore they deserve special attention. In addition to a thorough assessment of the safety of the therapy in relation to the course of diabetes, it is necessary to pay attention to the advantages of sublingual immunotherapy, in particular, a significant reduction in the need for pharmacotherapy of exacerbations. The ultimate goal of sublingual immunotherapy is a persistent drug-free remission of an allergic disease for several years after the end of the course of treatment. A description of a clinical case of a pediatric patient (boy, age 12 at the start of observation) with pollen allergy (allergic rhino-conjunctivitis to grass pollen) in combination with diabetes mellitus type 1 is presented. Initiation criteria of allergen-specific immunotherapy (clear seasonal peak of exacerbations, high and concordant data of allergotesting in vivo and in vitro, progredient course of pollinosis clinical signs during years before allergen-specific immunotherapy was started) discussed in case of comorbid patient. Possible risks were analyzed and absence of diabetes mellitus as contraindication for immunotherapy stated. The patient underwent 2 pre-coseasonal courses of sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen allergens in 2020 and 2021 with a pronounced positive effect. In the second year of treatment, remission of the disease was achieved: almost complete absence of hay fever symptoms in the flowering season of 2021, no progression of the disease, a significant decrease in the need for therapy to relieve symptoms. During the course of therapy, the patient did not show any deterioration in the course of diabetes mellitus, and number of days with extra dosage of insulin not caused by dietary provocation, decreased. The patient is being monitored, and the third course of sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen allergens is started. Thus, allergen-specific immunotherapy with a sublingual method of administration of the drug is safe and effective in the treatment of pollen allergy, is recommended for outpatient use in patients from the age of five, is indicated especially for patients with a progressive nature of the disease when it is impossible to protect it from contact with an allergen or with insufficient effectiveness of standard pharmacotherapy.
Update about Oralair® as a treatment for grass pollen allergic rhinitis; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a well-tolerated, safe, and effective approach to treating allergic rhinitis (AR). Oralair® is a five-grass pollen SLIT tablet containing natural pollen allergens from five of the major grass species responsible for seasonal AR due to grass pollen allergy. Recommended use is in a pre-coseasonal regimen, starting daily treatment approximately 4 months before the start of the pollen season, with treatment then continued daily throughout the season
Evaluation of Children with Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma Who Have Completed Allergen Immunotherapy: 19 Years of Real-Life Data, Single-Center Study; Objective: Allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma are the most common chronic diseases in children. Allergen immunotherapy has also been shown to improve symptoms and medication scores in patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma. In our study, it was aimed to evaluate the patients who have completed allergen immunotherapy in terms of clinical improvement and new allergic sensitizations in the skin prick test. Materials and Methods: Patients who received allergen immunotherapy between 1999 and 2018 were included in the study. Age, sex, diagnosis, medications, sensitizations in the first skin test, immunoglobulin E level, eosinophil count, allergen immunotherapy content and duration, and time after the end of immunotherapy were recorded from patient files. It was asked from the patients to compare their clinical findings before and after allergen immunotherapy as the same, better, or worse. Skin prick tests were performed with inhalant allergens in all patients. Results: A total of 154 patients were included in the study, 68 of whom were subcutaneous and 86 were sublingual immunotherapy. Age, sex, disease severity, immunoglobulin E levels, and eosinophil counts of patients were similar in the subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy groups. In the subcutaneous immunotherapy group, self-reported clinical improvement for allergic rhinitis and asthma were 53.3% and 60.4%, respectively. In the sublingual immunotherapy group, self-reported clinical improvement for allergic rhinitis and asthma were 61.9% and 61.6%, respectively. New sensitization in the subcutaneous immunotherapy group was 12.1% and it was 3.5% in the sublingual immunotherapy group. Conclusion: More than half of our patients who received immunotherapy reported clinical improvement according to self-report. In the subcutaneous immunotherapy group, new sensitizations were higher than the sublingual immunotherapy group, but it was thought that longer follow-up time in the subcutaneous immunotherapy group may have also contributed to this result.
Characteristics of Adverse Reactions and Compliance in Patients who Underwent Allergen-Specific Subcutaneous Immunotherapy; Ten-Year Real-Life Data
Allergen Release Profiles of Fast-Dissolving Freeze-Dried Orodispersible Sublingual Allergy Immunotherapy Tablets; Background: Sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-tablets) provide a well-tolerated and clinically efficacious treatment for allergic disease such as allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma. In SLIT, uptake of allergen by immune-competent cells in the oral mucosa activates the immune system and leads to tolerance toward the sensitizing allergen. The ability to deliver the full allergen content into solution within the recommended sublingual holding time is therefore an essential quality of SLIT-tablets that must be supported by the tablet formulation for all relevant allergen sources. SLIT-tablets based on a fast-dissolving orodispersible freeze-dried formulation (Zydis) are currently available for 5 of the most prevalent allergens: tree (birch and related species from the birch-homologous group), grass, ragweed, Japanese cedar, and house dust mite. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to examine the allergen release properties of three freeze-dried SLIT-tablets containing tree, ragweed, and Japanese cedar extracts, respectively. The correlation between SLIT-tablet allergen release and the level of allergen-specific T-cell activation was examined for the tree SLIT-tablet. Methods: Allergen release kinetics and tablet disintegration times for the 3 freeze-dried SLIT-tablets were examined. For all 3 tablets, the magnitude of solubilized major allergen relative to time in solution was compared to external controls to achieve a measure of the total allergen release. Additional assessments of allergen release occurring after the initial timepoint (15 or 30 seconds in solution) were done independently of external controls by linear regression analyses. For the tree SLIT-tablet, the immunological potency of the released major allergen was assessed at each experimental timepoint by a Bet v-specific T-cell activation assay. Results: All 3 SLIT-tablets disintegrated within 1 second after contact with assay buffer without any detectible residue. Complete release of major allergens (Bet v 1, Amb a 1, and Cry j 1, respectively) was seen at the earliest experimental time points (15 or 30 seconds). For the tree SLIT-tablet, full T-cell activation was achieved at 30 seconds (earliest experimental time point). Conclusions: The freeze-dried SLIT-tablet formulation consistently provides rapid and complete release of allergen from a wide range of species in a standardized in vitro assay. Full release of the SLIT-tablet allergen content within the sublingual holding time is a prerequisite for maximal exposure of allergens to the sublingual mucosa immune system. The freeze-dried SLIT-tablet formulation examined here supports short sublingual holding times and furthermore offers a convenient administration form of allergy immunotherapy.
B Cell Functions in the Development of Type I Allergy and Induction of Immune Tolerance; B cells are key players in the mechanisms underlying allergic sensitization, allergic reactions, and tolerance to allergens. Allergen-specific immune responses are initiated when peptide:MHCII complexes on dendritic cells are recognized by antigen-specific receptors on T cells followed by interactions between costimulatory molecules on the surfaces of B and T cells. In the presence of IL-4, such T-B cell interactions result in clonal expansion and isotype class-switching to IgE in B cells, which will further differentiate into either memory B cells or PCs. Allergic reactions are then triggered upon cross-linking of IgE-FcɛRI complexes on basophils and mast cells, leading to cell degranulation and the release of pro-inflammatory mediators. Mechanisms underlying effective allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) involve the induction of Tregs and the secretion of blocking IgG4 antibodies, which together mediate the onset and maintenance of immune tolerance towards non-hazardous environmental antigens. However, the importance of regulatory B cells (Breg) for tolerance induction during AIT has gained more attention lately. Studies in grass pollen- and house dust mite-allergic patients undergoing SCIT reported increased frequencies of IL-10+ Breg cells and a positive correlation between their number and the improvement of clinical symptoms. Thus, Breg are emerging as biomarkers for monitoring tolerance to allergens under natural exposure conditions and during AIT. Further research on the role of other anti-inflammatory cytokines secreted by Breg will help to understand their role in disease development and tolerance induction.
HealthSWEDE: costs with sublingual immunotherapy—a Swedish questionnaire study; Background: The aim of this cross-sectional survey was to compare the health-economic consequences for allergic rhinitis (AR) patients treated with sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) in terms of direct and indirect costs with a reference population of patients receiving standard of care pharmacological therapy. Methods: Primary objective was to analyse the health-economic consequences of SLIT for grass pollen allergy in Sweden vs reference group waiting for subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). A questionnaire was mailed to two groups of AR patients. Results: The questionnaire was distributed to 548 patients, 307 with SLIT and 241 in reference group (waiting for SCIT). Response rate was 53.8%. Mean annual costs were higher for reference patients than SLIT group
Comparative analysis of chronic rhinitis patient profiles during autumn pollen season between grassland and non-grassland cities in North China; Background: The symptoms of patients with respiratory disease are influenced by local environmental factors. The incidence of allergic rhinitis in grassland areas was significantly higher than that in non-grassland areas. We aimed to compare the profiles of chronic rhinitis patients obtained during the autumn pollen season in Baotou (grassland city) and Beijing (non-grassland city), China. Methods: Questionnaire surveys and allergen testing were conducted on 1170 and 1232 patients with chronic rhinitis visiting the Second Affiliated Hospital of Baotou Medical College and Beijing Tongren Hospital, respectively, during the autumn pollen period. Information regarding medical history, severity of symptoms, and diagnosis and treatment was collected. Results: More patients with moderate to severe chronic rhinitis and asthma (both, P < 0.001) were present in Baotou than in Beijing. Mugwort was the most abundant allergen in both regions, but the number of patients sensitized to outdoor allergens in Baotou was higher than that in Beijing (P < 0.001). Indoor allergens in Beijing represented a considerable proportion of allergens, especially dust mites (33.4%). For patients with allergic rhinitis, nasal congestion, nasal itching, and runny nose were more severe in Baotou than in Beijing (P < 0.001). In both Baotou and Beijing, allergy (P < 0.001 vs. P = 0.004) and combined asthma (P = 0.049 vs. P = 0.005) were common factors affecting the severity of the clinical symptoms chronic rhinitis. In Baotou, age (rs = 0.195, P < 0.001) and family allergy history (P = 0.010) were also associated with symptom severity. Although significantly more patients in Baotou received oral antihistamines, nasal corticosteroids, and surgical treatment than in Beijing (P < 0.001), the number of people receiving allergy immunotherapy in Baotou was lower (P = 0.004) and post-treatment symptom control was worse (P < 0.001) that that in Beijing. Conclusions: During the pollen period, there were significant differences in the allergen spectrum between Baotou and Beijing. Allergy and combined asthma were common factors affecting the severity of clinical symptoms. Patients in Baotou presented with more severe clinical symptoms that were not satisfactorily managed due to the impact of pollen exposure, inconsistent access to care, and differing treatment modalities.
Safety and Effectiveness of a Single Multiallergen Subcutaneous Immunotherapy in Polyallergic Patients; Background: As the number of allergic sensitizations increases the severity of allergic respiratory diseases worsens. Multiple monoallergen immunotherapy can be accompanied by poor treatment adherence and high costs, single multiallergen immunotherapy needs to prove efficacy whilst maintaining a good safety profile. Methods: Observational, retrospective, multicenter study using a 2-pollen single undiluted multiallergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in routine clinical practice in Spain. Patients with rhinoconjunctivitis, with/without controlled asthma, sensitized to grass, olive, Parietaria, Cupressus, plane tree and/or Salsola pollen were included. Primary and secondary clinical efficacy endpoints were quality of life (mini Rhinitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (miniRQLQ)) and visual analogue scale (VAS) respectively. All adverse events were documented. Results: Ten centers included 97 patients, median age 32 years. SCIT treatment included combinations of grass mix with olive, Parietaria, Cupressus, plane tree or Salsola or olive with Parietaria, Cupressus or Salsola. The mean duration of SCIT was 1.8 years with a high treatment adherence (73%). Significant improvement in quality of life, nasal and ocular symptoms, activity limitations and practical problems (p< 0.0001) and other symptoms (p= 0.024) was observed. Most patients did not develop asthma-like symptoms and a significant improvement of all allergic symptom severity was perceived. VAS showed a significant improvement in rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma by patients and physicians. Twenty-nine patients experienced adverse reactions, 25 had local and 6 had systemic reactions. Conclusions: Single undiluted multiallergen SCIT treatment of two different pollens is efficacious and safe in both children and adults, showing that it is a suitable option for the treatment of polyallergic patients.
New insights in mite immunotherapy - Sublingual tablets; Purpose of reviewSublingual tablet immunotherapy has been demonstrated to be effective for allergies induced by exposure to grass, ragweed, specific trees (Japanese Cedar
Plant food allergy improvement after grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy: A case series; Background: Cross-reactivity between pollens and plant food has been widely described. Pollen extract subcutaneous immunotherapy in patients with pollens and plant food allergy has been shown to improve tolerance not only to inhalant allergens but also to reduce symptoms in patients with various food allergies. Methods: We retrospectively report our experience with 15 female patients with a positive history for moderate, persistent allergic rhinitis due to grass pollen and oropharyngeal symptoms after ingestion of different plant food. These patients followed a five-grass pollen sublingual tablet immunotherapy for three years in a discontinuous pre-co-seasonal scheme. Results: All 15 patients treated with the 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet immunotherapy, taken once daily for 3 years on a 7-month course, showed improved ocular/nasal symptoms, with a reduction in the use of symptomatic drugs (e.g., nasal corticosteroids and H1 antihistamines). After the first seven-month course of immunotherapy, all patients declared a good tolerance to the intake of fruits and vegetables, and in particular, good tolerance to the offending foods. Conclusions: In conclusion, we have observed improvement of both respiratory and plant food allergies after sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with a five-grass pollen tablet.
SIMILARITIES IN EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF SUBLINGUAL IMMUNOTHERAPY TABLETS ACROSS GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS IN CLINICAL TRIALS; Introduction: The clinical development program of the grass, ragweed, tree, and house dust mite (HDM) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets for allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) included large clinical trials conducted in North America, Europe, and Japan. Because of the diversity of participants in the trials and the large sample sizes, the objective of these analyses was to use pooled data from these trials to assess efficacy, immunology, and safety outcomes across geographic regions. Methods: Ten double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in subjects with AR/C were conducted in North America, Europe, and Japan (N=5,935 analyzed). Trials were designed similarly with respect to medical practice, target population, eligibility criteria, efficacy and safety monitoring. Data were analyzed for the approved doses in North America and Europe. Multiple sensitivity analyses were conducted for the efficacy endpoints. Results: The SLIT-tablets demonstrated consistent efficacy across regions and allergens (Figure). Sensitivity analyses demonstrated consistent efficacy results regardless of the statistical analysis used. The kinetics of specific IgE and IgG4 responses were similar among allergens and regions. Local application site reactions were the most common adverse events (AEs) in all regions. A similar proportion of treatment-related AEs were observed across regions, except for a higher proportion in the North American trial of the HDM SLIT-tablet, in which AEs were actively solicited versus spontaneous reporting in the other trials. Conclusion: Confirmatory phase III trials conducted in different geographic regions showed similar efficacy, immunologic, and safety outcomes for SLIT-tablets in the treatment of AR/C. [Formula presented]
First experience of sublingual immunotherapy for local allergic rhinitis in Russian Federation; Background: Recognition of different aeroallergens as potent inducers of local allergic reactions in absence of systemic atopy assessed by either skin prick test (SPT) or serum determination of specific IgE (sIgE) is increasing recently. However, the management of patients with local allergic rhinitis (LAR) is still under consideration. Allergen immunotherapy has proven to be an effective treatment method for patients with sensitization to D.pteronyssinus and grass pollen [1]. The efficacy of sublingual specific immunotherapy for some patients with rare allergic rhinitis is yet under evaluation. Method: Twelve patients with clinical symptoms of rhinitis showing no signs of systemic atopy approved by negative SPT and serum sIgE no more than 0.35 kU/L were managed as patients with LAR. LAR was confirmed by means of nasal sIgE not less than 0.35 kU/L via ImmunoCap. Three patients were chosen for sublingual allergen specific immunotherapy according to their medical history and level of sIgE not less than 0.7 kU/L. Results: All three chosen patients were poly-sensitized to aeroallergens. Two patients with nasal sIgE to house dust mite (hx2) of 0.95 and 8.24 kU/L, respectively, received sublingual house dust mite immunotherapy to D.pteronyssinus in drops for an overall followup period of 16 months. Reduction in severity of subjective symptoms of rhinitis, medication scores and frequency of exacerbations was observed. Total serum IgE level decreased from 610.5 UI/ml to 268.3 UI/ml and from 145.5 UI/ml to 53.0 Ul/ml. One patient with approved sensitization to grass pollen and nasal sIgE of 0.75 kU/L received grass pollen immunotherapy in tablets for 3 years with an overall immunotherapy follow-up period of 14 months. Reduction in severity of subjective symptoms of rhinitis, medication scores, frequency of exacerbations and decreased severity of oral allergy syndrome was observed. Total serum IgE level decreased from 515.3 UI/ml to 182.6 UI/ml. No complications of allergen immunotherapy were found. Conclusion: First experience of allergen specific immunotherapy as a treatment approach for patients with rare allergic rhinitis LAR in Russian Federation yielded positive results.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy reduced symptoms and improved quality of life of patients with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis-a qualitative interview study; Background: Intralymphatic allergen immunotherapy (ILIT) is a novel treatment of grass pollen allergy. It significantly reduces allergy symptoms and medication use-and shortens the treatment time from three years to two months. However, we do not know how allergic individuals experience ILIT. As part of a wider study, of exploring grass pollen allergic individuals' participation in a randomised trial with ILIT, this study examined participant experience with ILIT and how it has affected their lives. Method: Semi-structured interviews were conducted with ten participants from the randomised trial (EudraCT 2014-004031-40). Participants (n = 24) treated with allergen in 2014 had a 49% reduction in compound symptom and medication score (cSMS) over three years compared with placebo-treated participants (n = 12). Six of the interviewed participants came from the treatment group, while four came from the placebo group. The data were analysed using systematic text condensation. Results: In general, injections in an inguinal lymph node were not experienced as either painful or uncomfortable. One participant mentioned discomfort, declaring that it felt as if the lymph node became tensed. Others had allergic reactions like rubor or swelling. In addition, there was some embarrassment associated with receiving the injections in the groin. However, the tensing sensation, the local allergic reactions and the embarrassment were outweighed by the benefits of the treatment. The extent of relief from allergy symptoms and their longevity were individual: One participant did not experience any effect, while most participants experienced a significant reduction in symptoms and medication use. Positive side effects including reduced fatigue and generally feeling less limited in daily activities were reported. Participants continued to avoid exposure to pollen, but to a lesser extent than before. In general, participants were positive towards the treatment, and they hoped their participation in the study could make the treatment available to everyone in need of it. Conclusion: Participants expressed an overall positive experience receiving ILIT treatment. They felt the treatment had a positive impact on their everyday lives, as they had less allergy symptoms, which in turn had led to more positive side effects.
Allergoids conjugated to mannan reprogram monocytes into tolerogenic dendritic cells through innate memory mechanisms involving epigenetic changes and metabolic reprogramming; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the single treatment with potential long-term disease modified capacity for allergy, but it still faces problems related to efficacy, security, duration and patient compliance. Glutaraldehyde-polymerized grass pollen allergoids coupled to non-oxidized mannan (PM) represent next-generation vaccines for AIT targeting dendritic cells (DCs) able to develop functional forkhead box P3 (FOXP3)+ regulatory T cells (Tregs). Herein, we investigated the capacity of PM to reprogram monocyte differentiation into tolerogenic DCs and the underlying molecular mechanisms. Method: Monocytes from healthy donors or allergic patients were differentiated into DCs under conventional protocols in the absence or presence of PM. Cytokine signature was determined by ELISA. The expression of tolerogenic markers, histone deacetylases (HDACs) and miRNAs was determined by qPCR. Allogeneic cocultures of the generated human monocyte-derived DCs (hmoDCs) under the different conditions and naïve CD4+ T cells were performed to analyse T cells polarization. Lactate concentrations were quantified. Mitochondrial mass and mitochondrial membrane potential were measured by MitoTracker dyes. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assays were performed to analyse histone modifications. Results: hmoDCs from healthy donors or allergic patients generated in the presence of PM (Mannan-tolDCs) showed lower cytokine production after LPS stimulation (TNF-α, IL-6), higher IL10/TNF-α and IL-10/ IL-6 ratios, and higher expression of the tolerogenic molecules as PDL1, IDO and IL10 than conventional DCs generated in the absence of PM. In addition, they induced higher numbers of functional FOXP3+ Tregs, thus confirming the tolerogenic features. Mannan-tolDCs produced less lactate and displayed increased mitochondrial mass and mitochondrial membrane potential than conventional hmoDCs. Mannan-tolDCs displayed higher association of active transcription marks with tolerogenic genes expression, lower levels of HDACs expression, higher expression of the anti-inflammatory miRNA-146a and lower pro-inflammatory miRNA-155 than conventional DCs. Conclusion: Allergoids conjugated to non-oxidized mannan reprogram monocyte differentiation by promoting tolerogenic DCs via mechanisms depending on metabolic reprogramming and epigenetic modifications. These data shed light into novel mechanisms by which allergoids conjugated to mannan might well contribute to the generation of healthy immune responses to allergens in AIT.
DIAGRAM: Cross-sectional, observational, descriptive survey of treatment modality selection criteria by sublingual allergen immunotherapy in grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in France; Background: The sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) can be used in grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (GPARC) according to 2 protocols: pre-/co-seasonal protocol (PCP) or perennial protocol (PP) even if the evidence level for long-term benefit is stronger for PP (EAACI Guidelines on AIT 2018). DIAGRAM has been designed to describe the choice of French physician between these 2 modalities and to understand the clinical rationale behind this choice. Method: Cross-sectional, observational, multicentric and national survey conducted by allergists including patients ≥ 5 years with GPARC starting SLIT. Data were collected before initiation of SLIT, using physician and patient questionnaires from October 2018 to February 2020. The frequency of symptom of rhinitis and conjunctivitis was assessed by a retrospective score (RSFS) on a scale of 0 to 3 for each symptom (min: 0, max: 18). The severity was qualified mild or severe. The impact on quality of life (QoL) was evaluated overall by the physician and with the mini-RQLQ by the patient. Chi2 test has been used to compare qualitative data and Student test for quantitative data. Results: A total of 1119 patients were included: mean age 27 years, 2 years of diagnosis. The choice of physician concerning the protocol was available for 1102 patients. The PCP was prescribed in 1010 patients (92%). The 3 most important criteria in the choice for PCP and PP were rhinitis symptoms (27% and 50%, respectively), impact on QoL (24% and 19%) and adherence (16% and 14%). While 75% of physicians prescribed only the PCP and 6% only the PP, 19% prescribed both. A total of 92 patients (8%) followed a PP. Statistical analysis shows that the RSFS was higher in the PP group (RSFS≥13: 67% vs 58%, P < 0.01), that rhinorrhoea and nasal obstruction were more often severe in this group (88% vs 74% and 79% vs 60%, P < 0.01), that they had more associated asthma (39% vs 27%, P < 0.01) which was less well-controlled (17% vs 2%, P < 0.01). The impact on QoL assessed by the patient was also higher in the PP group (3.6 vs. 3.2, P < 0.01). No other parameters were identified to influence the choice of the protocol selected (patient's age, prescriber's specialty, severity according to the ARIA criteria). Conclusion: Despite PAP having a stronger level of evidence for long-term benefit in the management of GPARC, French physicians focus on PCP and select PAP for patients with more severe disease.
Baseline score during conjunctival provocation testing is an important predictor of treatment effect-post-hoc analyses of a phase II study with a modified grass SCIT product; Background: Previously, a highly statistically significant dose response (p < 0.0001) was demonstrated during a Phase II study, applying 4 cumulative doses (5100, 14400, 27600 and 35600 SU) of a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product (1.0 ml) applying the adjuvant system of micro-crystalline tyrosine (MCT) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) and placebo. All treatment groups showed a statistically significant decrease from baseline in total symptom score (TSS) after conjunctival provocation test (CPT) compared to placebo, with the largest decrease observed with 27600 SU dose. To explore if the treatment effect of the primary CPT outcome of the study can be enhanced by adopting a baseline CPT score combining allergen concentration eliciting a positive response (TSS ≥ 6) and the corresponding TSS at baseline. Method: Phase II study subjects randomized to either 27600 SU or placebo (i.e. containing MCT) were included. A scoring algorithm was developed by firstly assigning a HEP score of 4, 3, 2 and 1 to the CPT concentration of 0.3, 1.0, 3.0 and 10.0 HEP/ML, eliciting a positive response, respectively. Secondly, a linear baseline CPT score was calculated as 0.9∗ (HEP score) + 0.1 ∗ (TSSbaseline -6). The CPT high sensitive (CHS) group was defined as CPT scores >2.7 (>1st quartile) and CPT low sensitive (CLS) group as CPT scores ≤ 2.7. Results: Of all 167 subjects enrolled, 101 were in the CHS group (54 active and 47 placebo) and 66 to the CLS group (31 active and 35 placebo). Post-treatment TSS was significantly reduced in the active group compared to placebo in the CHS group (p < 0.0001) but not in the CLS group (p = 0.4). Similarly, in the CHS group TSS reduction was significantly more pronounced in the active group compared to placebo (p < 0.0001) but not in the CLS group (p = 0.14). Conclusion: This Phase II study post-hoc analysis demonstrates that screening based on baseline CPT sensitivity results in a statistically significant improvement of the treatment effect on the primary CPT endpoint. These results indicate that an enrichment strategy applying this optimized baseline CPT scoring algorithm for Phase III field allergen immunotherapy trials may also be effective to improve treatment effects.
The MADO study of the need, reasons and strategies for dose adjustment in allergen immunotherapy: Patient profiles; Background: Sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) is a safe and disease-modifying treatment of respiratory allergies. Basal functions and reactivity of immune components involved in SLIT mechanisms may vary from patient to patient. In addition, the severity of symptoms may fluctuate over time due to the joint influence of environment exposure, effector cells and cell signalling, thus requiring a fine-tuning of SLIT dose to reach immune homeostasis while avoiding adverse allergic reactions. The MaDo study's objective was to describe SLIT dose adjustment in routine clinical practice in France. Here, we focused on the physicians' strategies for dose adjustment. Method: MaDo is a retrospective, observational, cross-sectional survey in which allergy specialists filled out anonymous case report forms. The main patient inclusion criteria were age ≥5, at least one IgEdriven respiratory allergy, and treatment for ≥2 years with one or more liquid SLIT preparations. Included patients were then divided into those with vs without dose adjustment at the start of and/or during maintenance treatment. Results: A nationally representative sample of 33 specialist physicians (allergists: 91%) included 392 case reports (mean ± SD patient age: 27.8 ± 17.5
Utility and safety of pollen immunotherapy in pediatric mastocytosis; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (IT) is recommended for allergic rhinitis and asthma
TAPAS-a long-term non-interventional study using MCT® (MicroCrystalline Tyrosine) adsorbed allergoids to demonstrate non-inferiority of children compared to adults; Background: Efficacy and safety of subcutaneous administered glutaraldehyde-modified and MCT® (MicroCrystalline Tyrosine)-adsorbed allergoids (MATA) used in allergen immunotherapy (AIT) are well-documented. MATAs have a market authorisation for patients from the age of 5 years in several European countries. It is common practise in AIT to use identical dosing regimens for children and adults. However, there is only limited data available supporting this practise. So the primary objective of this 5-year study named TAPAS (Tyrosine Allergoid Paediatric and Adult Study), is to demonstrate non-inferiority of clinical efficacy in children compared to adults by exploring long-term treatment effects with MATA following a perennial posology. Method: This is a long-term, prospective, open, multi-centre, noninterventional study aiming to include 320 children and adults (ratio 1:1) allergic to tree or grass pollen. Patients with a history of rhinitis, conjunctivitis and/or mild to moderate bronchial asthma, caused by an IgE-mediated allergy to grass and rye pollen or birch, alder and hazel pollen can be included. The study design consists of a treatment phase (3 years) and a follow-up period (2 years). Daily symptom and medication scores will be collected via an electronic diary during all respective pollen seasons over 5 years. Results: The study has started in Q4 2020 and is planned to be conducted at 30 sites in total throughout Germany. Entries in the electronic diary by children and adult patients allow to compare the total combined symptom medication score (CSMS) based on the rhinoconjunctivitis daily symptom score (dSS) and rhinoconjunctivitis daily medication score (dMS), averaged over the respective peak pollen season. In addition, changes in quality of life and symptom control of rhinitis and asthma are assessed using validated questionnaires. Conclusion: Efficacy and safety of subcutaneous AIT will be tested for non-inferiority in TAPAS by directly comparing an adult population with a paediatric population in a long-term setting. Those data might add meaningful knowledge for AIT in children in general and support the current practise of using similar dosing regimens in children and adults. Further, product-specific sustained and disease-modifying efficacy will be unravelled in TAPAS under real life conditions.
The population's baseline characteristics in the PRACTIS study: An observational, prospective, longitudinal study of patient profiles and treatment benefits of sublingual allergen immunotherapy; Background: The PRACTIS study's overall objective is to assess the relationship between patient profiles, treatment regimens and short-term treatment benefits of sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT), in order to reinforce personalized medicine approaches. Here, we describe the study population's baseline characteristics. Method: PRACTIS is a prospective, non-interventional, longitudinal, multicentre study of clinical practice among allergy specialists in France. The main patient inclusion criteria were a confirmed diagnosis of allergy and eligibility for SLIT. Patients were assessed prior to SLIT initiation (visit V1) and after 6 to 12 months of SLIT treatment (visit V2). The primary endpoint was the benefit of SLIT at V2, according to the modalities of use and the type of allergen, as assessed by the physician and the patient. Results: A representative sample of 128 physicians (females: 62%
Efficient allergen delivery by a freeze-dried SLIT-tablet formulation across a diverse range of allergen species; Background: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) administered as freezedried fast-dissolving SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets is available for the most prevalent respiratory allergies including pollen from tree (birch and related species from the birch homologous group), grass, and ragweed, as well as house dust mites (HDM). All SQ SLIT-tablets are approved for adults in Europe, and paediatric use is indicated for the grass and ragweed (≥5 years) and HDM (≥12 years) SQ SLIT-tablets. In addition, a freeze-dried fast-dissolving SLIT-tablet with Japanese cedar is available in Japan for both adult and paediatric use. Recently, fast and complete allergen-release from the HDM, grass and ragweed SQ SLIT-tablets were demonstrated. Similar unpublished data exist for the Japanese cedar SLIT-tablet. Here, tablet disintegration and allergen dissolution kinetics for the recently approved SQ tree SLIT-tablet are examined. Method: Tablet disintegration time was measured by depositing tree SLIT-tablets into a submersible mesh-basket and agitating at 37°C in assay buffer (100 mM phosphate, pH 6.8, 0.125% casein) until completely disintegrated. The assay buffer resembles human saliva with regard to pH, ionic strength, and protein content. Allergen dissolution kinetics in assay buffer was measured using the 200 mL Distek Model 2500 instrument (Distek Inc., USA) (50 rpm). Bet v 1 was measured by ELISA (Indoor Biotechnologies, VA, U.S.A.) at 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 300 seconds. The Bet v 1 content in preformulation birch extract drug substance was used as reference for the tablet dissolution level. Results: Disintegration of the fast-dissolving freeze-dried tree SLITtablet occurred within 1 second. No tablet residue was detected. Complete dissolution and full recovery of soluble Bet v 1 compared to the pre-formulation extract control was achieved within the first 15 seconds after depositing the tablet in assay buffer and remained at this level for the remainder of the experiment. Conclusion: Fast and complete allergen release from dry tablet formulation has become an established hallmark of the freezedried SLIT-tablets across all available species (tree, ragweed, grass, Japanese cedar, HDM). The fast-dissolving freeze-dried formulation allows for shorter sublingual holding times and has implications for dosing and possibly treatment adherence.
Clinical development of SQ sublingual immunotherapy tablets in adolescents and children; Background: Documentation of the clinical efficacy of available allergen immunotherapy products is heterogeneous. Some products have a robust level of documentation whereas others have very limited evidence of safety or efficacy. However, to obtain marketing authorisation, clinical trials typically need to first be performed in adults, initially leading to marketing authorisation for this age group only. As a paradox, the availability of clinical evidence in adults may result in the paediatric use of products that lack clinical documentation in this population. Underlying the importance of performing dedicated clinical trials within this vulnerable patient group. Method: In the light of this market environment, ALK has taken the occasion of completion of the SQ sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet portfolio authorised for use in adults to provide an overview of clinical development in the paediatric population. Status of paediatric studies for available SQ SLIT-tablets registered in Europe were evaluated. Results: Overall, 15 phase I-III trials including 4,177 children (5-11 years) and/or adolescents (12-17 years) have been completed including the allergen extracts grass, house dust mites (HDM), ragweed and tree (birch family). Nine of the completed trials were phase III trials with 3,754 paediatric subjects randomised. All phase III trials have shown a clinically relevant effect, comparable to the effects found in adults. The average improvement of combined allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication score was approximately 25% to 30% (range 20% to 38%) compared with placebo. Further trials in a paediatric population are planned, including two large on-going trials in paediatric subjects with HDM allergic asthma and HDM allergic rhinitis with a target trial population of 600 and 1,370 subjects, respectively. Conclusion: Existing clinical trial data within the paediatric population suggest a comparable efficacy and safety profile for the SQ SLIT-tablets in children/adolescents as observed in adults, however paediatric data is still missing for some allergen species. Clinical development will continue in order to provide data across the full SLITtablet portfolio for this age group.
TARGET-impact of authorized microcrystalline tyrosine (MCT)-adsorbed pollen SCIT allergoids on allergic rhinitis (AR) under real life conditions; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy with allergoid preparations (SCIT allergoids) represent the market leading application route in allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in Germany. The safety profile of SCIT allergoids is favorable and the efficacy has been proven in DBPC trials and meta analysis for various preparations. However, the treatment outcomes always reflect the effects under artificial conditions. The aim of the 'Tyrosine-Allergoid-Real World Evidence in Germany-Effectiveness in AIT (TARGET) study program is to investigate the effectiveness of authorized MicroCrystalline Tyrosine (MCT)-adsorbed grass and tree pollen (pollen) SCIT allergoids in clinical practice routine. Method: TARGET is designed as a retrospective cohort study and is based on the IMS® LRx database (IQVIA, Germany). It accesses prescription data of German patients within the statutory health insurance system (GKV). The information collected is patient related with a unique anonymized identification number, allowing a patient follow up over time. One objective of the TARGET study program is to assess the impact of authorized pollen SCIT allergoids (MCT-adsorbed allergoid, allergoid 2, allergoid 3) on allergic rhinitis (AR) patients vs. control group (patients not receiving AIT). The progression of AR is measured by the prescription of symptomatic medication. Results: Within the index-period (09/2009-08/ 2013) 181.496 patients aged between 5 and 65 years received prescriptions within the AIT group (all three preparations). Patients with at least four prescriptions of the focus products within three years from index date were included into the study. After the end of the treatment (and expiry of the last prescription) statistically significant more patients treated with MCT-adsorbed allergoids (with AR at baseline) vs. control group were AR treatment free in the follow up period. This was also shown for the entire AIT group. Conclusion: Real world evidence studies add important information about the effectiveness of AIT under natural conditions. TARGET is based on real world prescription data and demonstrates the effectiveness of authorized MCT-adsorbed allergoids on AR in clinical practice routine.
Allergenicity and immunogenicity profile of depigmented-polymerized phleum pratense extract for use in allergen-specific immunotherapy treatments; Background: Allergoids are chemically modified allergen extracts with reduced capacity to crosslink IgE receptors on the surface of mast cells and basophils, providing a better safety approach for use in allergen immunotherapy (AIT). We hypothesized that allergoids derived by depigmentation and polymerization have reduced allergenicity, allergen-specific Th2 (Th2A) and T follicular helper (Tfh) cell responses. We further hypothesized that allergoids can promote B regulatory (Breg) cell responses with the capacity to produce IL-10. Method: Whole blood and peripheral blood mononuclear cells were collected from 16 grass pollen allergics (GPA) and 8 non-atopic controls (NAC). The allergenicity of native Phleum pratense (Phlp) extract, depigmented (DPG Phlp) extract and depigmented-polymerized (DPG-POL Phlp) allergoid were measured by their ability to elicit basophil activation and histamine release using flow cytometry. Allergen-specific Th2A, Tfh cells and IL-10+ Breg cells were quantified by flow cytometry. Moreover, unbiased analyses were performed using FlowSOM to generate clusters based on cell surface expression and their abundance profile to identify cell subsets targeted by DPG-POL Phlp. Results: Unmodified Phlp extract elicited a dose-dependent increase in basophil responsiveness as illustrated by CD63+CRTh2+ (EC50 = 10.37 ± 4.48 ng/mL) and DAO-CD63+ CRTh2+ (EC50 = 25.16 ± 10.86 ng/mL) basophils in GPA, but not NAC. A similar dose response was observed in response to DPG Phlp stimulation. DPG-POL Phlp demonstrated hypo-allergenic profile when compared to unmodified Phlp extract (31.54-fold, CD63+CRTh2+ and DAO-CD63+ CRTh2+
Local microRNA-related repression of the PGE2-EP3-axis upon allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Several studies have described microRNAs (miRs) as candidate biomarkers for allergic asthma, while the effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) on airway miR expression remain largely unknown. In this study, we investigated AIT-driven miR-related mechanisms in the sputum of patients with grass pollen allergy. Method: Induced sputum samples of healthy controls (HC
Differential induction of allergen-specific IgA responses following timothy grass subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy; Introduction: There is no detailed comparison of allergen-specific immunoglobulin responses following sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) and subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Objective: We sought to compare nasal and systemic timothy grass pollen (TGP)-specific antibody responses during 2 years of SCIT and SLIT and 1 year after treatment discontinuation in a double-blind, double-dummy, placebo-controlled trial. Methods: Nasal fluid and serum were obtained yearly (per-protocol population, n = 84). TGP-specific IgA1, IgA2, IgG4, IgG, and IgE were measured in nasal fluids by ELISA. TGP-specific IgA1, IgA2, and Phleum pratense (Phl p)1, 2, 4, 5b, 6, 7, 11, and 12 IgE and IgG4 were measured in sera by ELISA and ImmunoCAP, respectively. Results: At years 2 and 3, TGP-IgA1/2 levels in nasal fluid were elevated in SLIT compared with SCIT (4.2- and 3.0-fold for IgA1, 2.0- and 1.8-fold for IgA2, respectively
Immunoregulatory T cell epitope peptides for the treatment of allergic disease; Allergic diseases are type 2 inflammatory reactions with an increasing worldwide prevalence, making the search for new therapeutic options pertinent. Allergen immunotherapy is the only disease-modifying approach for allergic rhinitis, though it can result in systemic reactions. Recently, peptide immunotherapy (PIT), involving T-cell epitope peptides that bind to major histocompatibility complexes, have been developed. It is speculated that they can induce T helper cell type 2 anergy, Treg cell upregulation or immune deviation. Promising results in cat dander, honeybee venom, Japanese cedar pollen, grass pollens, ragweed and house dust mite clinical trials have shown safety, efficacy and tolerability to PIT. Hence, PIT may hold the potential to change the treatment algorithm for allergic rhinitis.
Real world effectiveness and cost consequences of grass pollen SCIT compared with SLIT and symptomatic treatment; Purpose: Real-world evidence (RWE) with regard to allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) adherence is increasingly available. Economic modelling has already shown AIT to be cost-effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis compared with symptomatic treatment. However, analyzing sublingual (SLIT) and subcutaneous (SCIT) immunotherapeutic approaches based on RWE adherence data are not available for Germany. This analysis outlines the cost-effectiveness of SCIT compared with SLIT as well as a symptomatic treatment modality on the basis of recent RWE adherence data. Methods: A Markov model, with predefined disease stages and a time period of 9 years, was adapted for this analysis. A 6-grass subcutaneous allergoid SCIT preparation and a 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet was employed as AIT administrations. Quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) were calculated based on symptom scores and used as the effectiveness variable. Total costs and cost effectiveness of SCIT, SLIT and symptomatic treatment (ST) were calculated. Model uncertainties were estimated by means of additional sensitivity analyses. Applied discount rate was 3%. Results: Both SCIT and SLIT preparations proved superior compared to symptomatic treatment with regard to effectiveness. Although more expensive, AIT also proved to be cost-effective. A direct comparison of SCIT (Allergovit®) and SLIT (Oralair®) showed lower total costs for SCIT treatment over the study period of 9 years (SCIT 1779€ versus SLIT 2438€) and improved effectiveness (SCIT 7.17 QALYs versus SLIT 7.11 QALYs). Conclusion: AIT represents a cost-effective treatment option for patients with allergic rhinitis compared with symptomatic treatment. SCIT appeared to be dominant and cost-effective, due in particular to higher patient adherence and lower drug costs.
Interferon beta 1a (Rebif®) in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis; Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an autoimmune neurodegenerative disease that affects the central nervous system. It is the second cause of neurological disability in young adults. The exact cause of the disease remains unknown and there is no curative treatment. It is imperative to evaluate the efficacy of newest, biotechnological products modifying the disease. This study was designed to evaluate the use of interferon beta 1a (Rebif®) in patients with relapsing remitting MS treated at International Center for Neurological Restoration. Thirty-one patients with relapsing remitting MS, between 10 and 65 years of age, four males and 27 females, were treated with Rebif® three times per week during 1 year. The safety of the treatment was evaluated based on the adverse events and the efficacy based on the disability scale score, the number of attacks and the number of lesions at magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The public clinical trial is registered in Cuba (Number B-10-030-L03). Adverse effects occurred in 75% of the cases, but they were mild. A significant reduction in the number of attacks, the disability scale score and the number of lesions at MRI were observed in patients with relapsing remitting MS treated with Rebif®. The use of interferon beta 1a showed safety and efficacy in the treatment of patients with relapsing remitting MS.
Face masks suitable for preventing COVID-19 and pollen allergy. A study in the exposure chamber; Background: Since the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, the population in Germany has been asked to wear face masks in public areas. The masks are accepted by the public. People with a pollen allergy have an interest in knowing whether masks can also provide protection against pollen and thus prevent symptoms even without medication. Method: In order to evaluate the potential ‘antipollen effect’ of face masks, 14 adults with confirmed grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were exposed to grass pollen for a period of two hours following a standardised protocol. The test was conducted outside of the grass pollen season. The subjects wore either no mask, a medical mask or a FFP2 mask. Results: Subjects wearing either mask were clearly able to avoid both nasal and conjunctival symptoms. There were no significant differences between the two masks in terms of effect. Mask wearing to prevent pollen exposure clearly supports overall well-being. Conclusion: Wearing a mask during pollen season can be recommended as an effective nondrug option for people with a pollen allergy.
Recent development on the use of sublingual immunotherapy tablets for allergic rhinitis; Objective: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is an immunoglobulin (Ig) E–mediated inflammatory condition that causes sneezing, nasal congestion, rhinorrhea, and nasal itch. Although subcutaneous immunotherapy for the treatment of AR has been in use and well established as a treatment modality, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is increasingly considered to be the safer and more convenient alternative. Thus, the objective of this review is to describe recent findings pertaining to the use of SLIT tablets (SLIT-T) for AR. Data Sources: A database search (PubMed.gov) for articles published between January 1, 2017, and February 9, 2021, was conducted using the following key words: “allergic rhinitis,” AND-ed “sublingual immunotherapy.” Included were randomized placebo-controlled trials. Other experimental design studies were excluded. Study Selections: A total of 11 randomized placebo-controlled trials were selected for full-text review and included in the analysis. All studies investigated the use of SLIT on patients with seasonal AR (4 tree pollen, 1 grass pollen, and 1 Japanese cedar) or perennial AR (3 house dust mite). Results: Our review of 7 recently published randomized placebo-controlled trials with 2348 subjects receiving SLIT reported increased efficacy, safety, supportive immunologic parameters (IgE and IgG4 pre- and posttreatment levels), and improved quality of life. All studies excluded subjects with overlapping seasonal or perennial allergens, a history of moderate-to-severe uncontrolled asthma, or reduced lung function. Conclusion: Our review highlights that SLIT is a safe and effective treatment that considerably reduces symptoms and medication requirements in AR and improves quality of life.
Existing knowledge on Euphorbia fischeriana Steud. (Euphorbiaceae): Traditional uses, clinical applications, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicology; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Euphorbia fischeriana Steud. (Euphorbiaceae) is a perennial herb distributed in grassland, hill slopes or gravel hillside, with average altitude of 100–600 m. The whole grass of E. fischeriana is toxic with roots used as folk medicine to treat Zhushui, dyspepsia, abdominal distension, abdominal pain, cough, as well as external applications such as cure of scabies and tuberculosis of lymph nodes. Aim of the review: This systematic review aims to provide a detailed and in-depth summary about the reported advances in traditional uses, clinical applications, phytochemistry, pharmacology and toxicity of E. fischeriana, so as to offer fresh ideas and broader vision and insights for subsequent studies. Materials and methods: Various scientific data bases such as CNKI, Elsevier, Google Scholar, Pubmed, Science Direct, SciFinder Scholar and Web of Science were searched to collect information about E. fischeriana. Other relevant literatures were searched in ‘Flora of China Editorial Committee', ancient books, Ph.D and Masters' Dissertation to get more data of E. fischeriana. Results: A total of 241 chemical constituents have been identified from the roots of E. fischeriana, including diterpenoids, triterpenoids, meroterpenoids, acetophenones, flavonoids, coumarins, steroids, phenolic acids, tannins, etc. Various pharmacological activities have been demonstrated, especially anti-tumor, antibacterial, anti-inflammatory, antiviral and anti-leukemia activities. Moreover, different investigations about clinical uses and toxicology of E. fischeriana indicated that attention should be paid to its usage and dosage. Conclusion: The researches of E. fischeriana are excellent, but gap still remains. As a poisonous traditional Chinese medicine, there are not enough studies on the toxicity of E. fischeriana. In addition, scholars' research on the pharmacological mechanism of E. fischeriana focuses more on the anti-tumor activity, which can be broadened in the future. Presumably, chemical constituents and biological activities of diterpenoids and trace meroterpenoids in E. fischeriana deserve further research in-depth in the future, in order to provide low toxicity and high efficiency lead compounds. Meanwhile, further studies on other medicinal aspects may lay a foundation for the comprehensive development and utilization of E. fischeriana.
Basic view of current immunotherapy approaches in allergic rhinitis; Introduction: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is an IgE-mediated allergic disease that is triggered by the inhalant allergens that affects the upper airways. Mild AR is treated using pharmacotherapy, while allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is recommended for patients having moderate to severe allergic rhinitis (AR) that cannot be controlled using pharmacotherapy, or who experience unacceptable side effects due to medical therapy. Methods: This presentation highlights the role of allergen immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis. A detailed account of the different types of allergen immunotherapy will be presented. Results: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is the only disease-modifying therapy for the treatment of allergies. It provides rapid symptomatic relieve, improves the patient's quality of life and has demonstrated to have long-term relief of symptoms even after the immunotherapy period has ended. Current AIT approaches include subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) administration methods. SCIT and SLIT preparations are available for house dust mite, tree pollens and grass pollens. The mechanisms of AIT can be broadly classified into rapid desensitization, where effector cells are less responsive to allergen, early tolerance with the generation of T- and B- regulatory cells and specific 'blocking' IgG antibodies, and sustained tolerance. While AIT has been beneficial for the majority of patients that it is prescribed to, it has the potential to result in adverse effects, as current AIT preparations are based on natural extracts that contain allergens with intact IgE-epitopes. Due to the nature of AIT which requires high doses to induce the tolerance response, IgE-mediated adverse effects are observed in some AIT receivers. New AIT approaches that are being tested in experimental setting are based on purified allergen molecules or peptides that are devoid of the IgE epitope, but still contain immunogenic portions to stimulate the immune system. Other routes of immunization such as intralymphatic and epicutaneous immunotherapies are also being tested as another means to reduce adverse reactions to AIT preparations. Conclusion: AIT modifies the disease progression and has been shown to be clinically effective in allergic rhinitis.
Analysis of results of specific ige in 100 atopic dermatitis patients with the use of multiplex examination alex2—allergy explorer; Background and aim: Progress in laboratory diagnostics of IgE‐mediated allergy is the use of component‐resolved diagnosis. Our study analyses the results of specific IgE to 295 allergen reagents (117 allergenic extracts and 178 molecular components) in patients suffering from atopic dermatitis (AD) with the use of ALEX2 Allergy Explorer. Method: The complete dermatological and allergological examination, including the examination of the sensitization to molecular components with ALEX2 Allergy Explorer testing, was performed. The statistical analysis of results was performed with these methods: TURF (total unduplicated reach and frequency), best reach and frequency by group size, two‐sided tests, Fisher’s exact test, and chi‐square test (at an expected minimum frequency of at least 5). Results: Altogether, 100 atopic dermatitis patients were examined: 48 men, 52 women, the average age 40.9 years, min. age 14 years, max. age 67 years. The high and very high level of specific IgE was reached in 75.0% of patients to 18 molecular components: from PR‐10 proteins (Aln g 1, Bet v 1, Cor a1.0103, Cor a1.0401, Fag s 1), lipocalin (Can f 1), NPC2 family (Der f 2, Der p 2), uteroglobin (Fel d 1), from Alternaria alternata (Alt a 1), Beta expansin (Lol p 1, Phl p 1), molecular components from Timothy, cultivated rye (Secc pollen) and peritrophin‐like protein domain Der p 23. The high and very high level of specific IgE to other lipocalins (Fel d 7, Can f 4), to arginine kinase (Bla g 9, German cockroach), and to allergen extracts Art v (mugwort), and Cyn d (Bermuda grass) reached 52.0% of patients. The severity of AD is in significant relation to the sensitization to molecular components of storage mites (Gly d 2, Lep d 2— NPC2 family), lipocalins (Can f 1, Can f 2, Can f 4, and Can f 6), arginine kinase (Asp f 6, Bla g 9, Der p 20, Pen m 2), uteroglobin (Fel d 1, Ory c 3), Mn superoxide dismutase (Mala s 11), PR‐10 proteins (Fag s 1, Mal d 1, Cor a 1.0401, Cor a 1.0103), molecular components of the peritrophin‐like domain (Der p 21, Der p 23), and to Secc pollen. In the subgroup of patients suffering from bronchial asthma, the significant role play molecular components from house dust mites and storage mites (Lep d 2, Der p 2, Der f 2—NPC2 family), cysteine protease (Der p 1), peritrophin‐like protein domain (Der p 21, Der p 23), enolase from Alternaria alternata (Alt a 6), and Beta expansin Phl p 1. Conclusion: The results of our study demonstrate the detailed profile of sensitization to allergens reagents (allergen extract and molecular components) in patients with atopic dermatitis. We show the significance of disturbed epidermal barrier, resulting in increased penetration of allergens. We confirmed the significant relationship between the severity of AD, the occurrence of bronchial asthma and allergic rhinitis, and high levels of specific IgE to allergen reagents. Our results may be important for regime measures and immunotherapy
Basophil sensitivity reflects long-term clinical outcome of subcutaneous immunotherapy in grass pollen-allergic patients; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a public health problem. Allergen Immunotherapy is an effective and safe treatment, that modifies the natural course of allergic disease and induces long-term tolerance. Objective: To correlate basophil and antibody biomarkers of subcutaneous immunotherapy to clinical outcomes and cellular changes in target tissue. Methods: Adults suffering from allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen allergy were randomized to receive subcutaneous immunotherapy (n = 18) or to an open control group (n = 6). Patients reported daily symptom and medication scores and weekly rhinitis related quality of life scores during four pollen seasons. Biomarkers were measured every 3 months for three years treatment and every 6 months in the follow-up year. Nasal and cutaneous allergen challenge tests were performed annually. Leukocyte subsets were assessed in nasal mucosa biopsies at baseline and after treatment. Results: Subcutaneous immunotherapy led to a 447-fold decrease in basophil sensitivity during the first treatment year. This remained 100-fold lower than baseline during the 3 year-treatment period and 10-fold lower during the follow-up year (n = 18, P =.03). Decrease in basophil sensitivity after three weeks of treatment predicted long-term improvement in seasonal combined symptom and medication scores (=−0.69, P =.0027) during three years of treatment. AUC of IgE-blocking factor correlated to nasal allergen challenge ( = 0.63, P =.0012) and SPT ( = 0.45, P =.03). Plasma cell numbers in the nasal mucosa increased during treatment (P =.02). Conclusion: Decrease in basophil sensitivity after three weeks of subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy predicted the clinical outcome of this treatment.
Preventive Effect of Allergen Immunotherapy on Asthma and New Sensitizations; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a disease-modifying treatment for some IgE-mediated allergic diseases with the potential to have important preventive effects. Children with allergic rhinitis have a high risk of developing asthma, and treating allergic rhinitis with AIT may interfere with disease progression and prevent onset of asthma. Although the evidence is limited due to relatively few and heterogeneous studies, data nevertheless suggest that AIT has a preventive effect on development of asthma especially in children with rhinitis due to grass pollen allergy. AIT may also affect the development of new sensitizations. Both the degree of sensitization and the specific sensitization pattern may influence future disease severity and development of comorbidities. Hitherto, the indication for AIT for prevention of development of asthma in grass/birch pollen allergic children has been the same as for treatment of allergic rhinitis. Probably, AIT should be applied in the early stage of the allergic disease to have the greatest preventive effect on disease progression. Consequently, in the future, the potential preventive effects should influence the timing of initiating AIT. The window of opportunity to prevent asthma may primarily exist in young children with mild symptoms and a low degree of sensitization.
Exploring novel systemic biomarker approaches in grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy using omics; Background: Sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (SLIT) intervention improves the control of grass pollen allergy by maintaining allergen tolerance after cessation. Despite its widespread use, little is known about systemic effects and kinetics associated to SLIT, as well as the influence of the patient sensitization phenotype (Mono- or Poly-sensitized). In this quest, omics sciences could help to gain new insights to understand SLIT effects. Methods: 47 grass-pollen-allergic patients were enrolled in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial using GRAZAX® during 2 years. Immunological assays (sIgE, sIgG4, and ISAC) were carried out to 31 patients who finished the trial. Additionally, serum and PBMCs samples were analyzed by metabolomics and transcriptomics, respectively. Based on their sensitization level, 22 patients were allocated in Mono- or Poly-sensitized groups, excluding patients allergic to epithelia. Individuals were compared based on their treatment (Active/Placebo) and sensitization level (Mono/Poly). Results: Kinetics of serological changes agreed with those previously described. At two years of SLIT, there are scarce systemic changes that could be associated to improvement in systemic inflammation. Poly-sensitized patients presented a higher inflammation at inclusion, while Mono-sensitized patients presented a reduced activity of mast cells and phagocytes as an effect of the treatment. Conclusions: The most relevant systemic change detected after two years of SLIT was the desensitization of effector cells, which was only detected in Mono-sensitized patients. This change may be related to the clinical improvement, as previously reported, and, together with the other results, may explain why clinical effect is lost if SLIT is discontinued at this point.
The evolution of allergy immunotherapy; Objective: The objective of this review is to trace the evolution of the art and science of allergy immunotherapy (AIT). Data Sources: Original reports relating to the evolution of the concept of respiratory allergy and its specific treatment were identified by following references in journal articles, review articles, and allergy textbooks from the mid-20th century to the present. Study Selections: Studies highlighting substantial milestones in the evolution of the practice of allergy immunotherapy were included. Results: The story of AIT begins with the recognition of hay fever as a distinct entity and subsequent studies that established grass pollen as one of the causes. This knowledge led several investigators, most notable Leonard Noon and John Freeman who worked at St. Mary's Hospital in London, to attempt to induce tolerance giving grass pollen extract by injection to their patients. After the publication of the work of Noon and Freeman in 1911, the practice of AIT spread rapidly and was applied to many other pollen allergens besides grass and for perennial rhinitis and asthma. The early studies were largely anecdotal, but over the past 60 to 70 years, studies of AIT have been conducted with increasingly sophisticated scientific methods. Nowadays, not only is the practice of AIT based on carefully conducted studies, but the underlying immunologic basis of allergy and the response to AIT have also been and still are being firmly established. Conclusion: Both the art and the science behind the practice of AIT have been established by a solid base of clinical and immunologic studies.
Evaluation of safety and tolerability of a rush up-dosing allergen-specific immunotherapy with grass pollen, birch, hazel, and alder allergoid in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma; Background: Usually, the number of injections required to achieve the maintenance dose in subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is relatively small for some of the currently used allergens, but this may still be uncomfortable for patients, thus compromising adherence and compliance. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of a dose acceleration of a conventional induction schedule using an allergoid extract of grass pollen, birch, hazel, and alder, needed to achieve the ideal maintenance dose. Methods: In this open-label study, 34 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma, were treated with SCIT using an allergoid for grass pollen or birch or mix trees with an increase in accelerated induction dose comprising only 3 injections, one per week, compared to a conventional induction pattern in five injections (once a week). Safety determination was assessed by evaluating local and systemic adverse events. Tolerability was evaluated by patients and physicians who performed the treatment. Results: No treatment-related adverse events were observed in any of the patients undergoing rush SCIT. No local reactions, no systemic reactions of any degree (WAO Grade) have been observed. Tolerability has always been rated as very good by both patients and physician. Conclusions: The induction phase, needed to achieve the monthly maintenance dose for a pollen extract, can be greatly accelerated, ensuring a tolerability comparable to that of the conventional schedule. (www.actabiomedica.it).
Intralymphatic immunotherapy improves grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: A 3-year randomized placebo-controlled trial; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a global health problem. Different allergen immunotherapy regimes are marketed but have low adherence because they are expensive, complex, and time-consuming. New allergen immunotherapy forms are needed. Objective: In a 3-year follow-up double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial, we aimed to investigate the effect of intralymphatic allergen immunotherapy (ILIT). Methods: Patients with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were treated with 3 ILIT injections and an ILIT booster 1 year later, 3 ILIT injections and a placebo booster, or 3 placebo injections and a placebo booster. Primary outcome was improvement in a combined symptom and medication score (cSMS). A novel evaluation tool with a linear regression model of cSMS and grass pollen counts was developed. Secondary outcomes were changes in grass specific immunoglobulins and skin and nasal provocation tests to grass pollen. Results: A total of 36 patients were included. Log10-transformed cSMS was reduced by 0.30 (95% CI, 0.11-0.49
Geographical and socioeconomic differences in compliance with and access to allergen immunotherapy in Denmark: A nationwide registry-based study – 1998-2016; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a cost-effective treatment option in moderate-severe allergic rhino-conjunctivitis. Inequality in access to AIT and variation in compliance related to socioeconomic status or geographical location have not been described previously. Objective: The aim of the study was to evaluate access to grass pollen AIT at various educational attainment levels in the five regions of Denmark. Furthermore, grass pollen AIT treatment compliance was evaluated with respect to age, educational attainment and geographical area. Methods: The unique civil registration number of every citizen in Denmark was combined with the nationwide Danish National Health Service Prescription Database and Statistics Denmark Database to extract age, gender, residence and educational attainment of every citizen who collected prescribed AIT medication from 1998 to 2016. Then, compliance and use of AIT were calculated with respect to age, geographical location and educational attainment. Results: The use of subcutaneous AIT (SCIT) was significantly higher in the Capital Region
Impact of Age and Region on Immune Responses to Allergy Immunotherapy; Rationale: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) can prevent allergic disease by modifying the adaptive immune system, similar to anti-pathogen vaccines, supporting the concept of AIT as an “allergy vaccination”. Some vaccines, e.g. influenza, pneumococcal pneumoniae, are administered globally with the same dose for all age groups. The aim of this study was to determine if sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) across regions and age groups induce similar immunologic changes in IgE and IgG4 with the goal of using the same dose and formulation worldwide. Methods: Immunologic data from 12 completed multi-national pivotal trials of birch, timothy grass, ragweed, and house dust mite SLIT-tablet (N=5645) were analysed post-hoc by age and region. PubMed was searched for relevant human trials from 01/01/2000 to 04/01/2020 evaluating age and regional factors related to dosage and immunologic response to AIT or vaccine prevention of hepatitis A, influenza, and pneumococcal pneumoniae. Results: The literature search did not reveal conclusive data supporting a universal AIT dosage. Published data indicated that age and other host factors can influence anti-pathogen vaccine immunogenicity. SLIT-tablets induced a significant immunologic response compared with placebo shortly after initiation. The pattern and magnitude of the response for both IgE and IgG4 were similar across species, regions, and age. Conclusions: The results support that the overall immunologic responses to SLIT-tablet are insensitive to region and age.
Dosing Aeroallergen Immunotherapy from Freshly Prepared Maintenance Vials: To Adjust or Not?; Rationale: Current guidelines suggest dose-adjustment when a patient starts freshly prepared vials of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) extracts. We hypothesize administering the first dose from a freshly prepared vial in a cluster protocol, splitting it into two equal doses given 30 minutes apart, is safe. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed AIT injection visits of patients in Tulane and VHA clinics from July 2016 through June 2020. Our primary measure was the rate of systemic reaction (SR) for patients receiving a fresh-vial dose of AIT by the cluster protocol, e.g., RED 1:1 v/v 0.25 mL, then an additional 0.25 mL after a 30-minute period. A secondary measure was SR severity, and we also sought to identify SR risk by age, sex, asthma diagnosis, and number of aeroallergens in the extract prescription. Results: For 174 fresh-vial cluster procedures (115 patients), there were 6 SRs (3% of procedures). The WAO grades of SRs were 1 (n=3), 2 (n=2), and 3 (n=1). All reactions were treated in clinic, no patients discontinued AIT due to SR, and no patient had more than one SR. There was no significant correlation between SR and patient age, sex, asthma diagnosis, number of aeroallergens extracts, type of aeroallergen included (e.g., grass pollen), or time of year. Conclusions: Introduction of freshly mixed extract vials can be safely done, without dose reduction, using a two-step cluster protocol. The risk of SR, while manageable, should be discussed with the patient.
An Exploratory Field Study With A Subcutaneously Administered Tyrosine Adsorbed Modified Grass Allergen + MPL; Rationale: This exploratory field study explores the safety and efficacy of an optimized dose of a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product (1.0 ml) with microcrystalline tyrosine (MCT) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvant system for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) due to grass pollen. Methods: This multi-center, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group exploratory field study is conducted in approximately 150 subjects in Europe and the US. Subjects are randomized to six pre-seasonal subcutaneous injections of active treatment or placebo in a 2:1 ratio. The primary endpoint is the combined symptom and medications score (CSMS) during the peak grass pollen season. Results: The subject population included in this study will be presented by baseline characteristics (e.g. country, age and gender). The study design applies two frequently used primary endpoint scores: the CSMS and the Total Combined Score (TCS). As this study also includes conjunctival provocation testing (CPT), this study allows the evaluation of the relationship between CPT, CSMS and TCS. In addition, the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) will be evaluated and the extensive panel of biomarkers applied will be presented. Conclusions: This stepwise clinical development approach is novel in allergen immunotherapy. The results of this exploratory field study will dictate the optimal design of the pivotal Phase III study. The completion of the recruitment of this exploratory field study is an important achievement in the development of an efficacious and safe state-of-the-art grass SCIT product to be developed for the European and the US markets.
Allergen immunotherapy in asthma: current evidence; Background: Allergic asthma is the predominant phenotype in clinical practice. Allergen immunotherapy is the only curative and specific approach for the treatment of allergies with clinical benefits for several years after its discontinuation. Despite advances, the use of allergen immunotherapy in allergic asthma is still suboptimal and controversial. Objective: The purpose of this article is to review the published data about the impact of allergen immunotherapy with the most commonly used allergen extracts on allergic asthma outcomes, including both clinical parameters and patients' subjective experience (quality of life). Methods: As data sources several databases were used, including PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science (2002–2019) and search in English and Spanish languages was performed using the following terms: “allergen immunotherapy” and “asthma” in combination with “house dust mite”, “birch pollen”, “grass pollen”, “olive tree pollen”, “molds”, “pets” and “asthma quality of life”. Randomised control trials and meta-analysis from reviewed publications were selected. Results: Emerging data relating to the positive impact on asthma outcomes of allergen immunotherapy allows the addition of this treatment as a therapeutic option in mild to moderate asthmatics sensitized to house dust mite and pollens. Limited data are available for patients sensitized to molds and pets, as well in severe allergic asthma population. Conclusion: Allergen immunotherapy remains a potential therapeutic option for some patients with allergic asthma. Further research is needed to define the optimal period of treatment, the possible therapeutic role in the treatment of severe allergic asthma, and the cost-effectiveness of allergen immunotherapy in asthmatic patients.
Sublingual immunotherapy vs placebo in the management of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common inflammatory condition of the nasal mucosa affecting approximately 20% of the population worldwide. Current therapies include intranasal antihistamines, corticosteroids, subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). This review and meta-analysis assess the efficacy of SLIT in the management of grass pollen-induced AR in adults. Methods: Ovid EMBASE, Ovid EBM Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Ovid MedLine and PubMed were searched using the following terms: ‘sublingual immunotherapy’, ‘SLIT’, ‘rhinitis’, ‘allergic rhinitis’, ‘rhinosinusitis’ and ‘rhino-conjunctivitis’. All included studies were double-blind, placebo-controlled and randomised trials. Primary outcome was symptom score and secondary outcome included quality of life and safety profile. Meta-analysis of symptom improvement was carried out. Results: Six studies were identified with 979 subjects randomly allocated to SLIT and 992 to a placebo control. All studies reported an improvement in symptoms with SLIT, with five reaching statistical significance (P <.05). Four studies reported statistically significant improvement in quality of life (P <.05). Oral pruritus was the most common adverse event reported. The overall risk of bias was high in 50% of the studies. Conclusions: Sublingual immunotherapy was a safe and effective treatment for grass pollen-induced AR in adults, and therefore, consideration should be given to its use for moderate-to-severe disease in the UK-wide population.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy tablets in dust mite and pollen allergy; The latest evidence on the mechanisms, efficacy, and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was reviewed. Interleukin (IL) 35 and IL-35–producing regulatory T cells were assessed as new biomarkers for SLIT responsiveness. A detailed analysis of clinical studies, including timothy grass pollen, 5-grass pollen, ragweed, and house-dust mite SLIT tablets, was provided, including a comparative analysis of efficacy and safety of SLIT versus subcutaneous immunotherapy.
Methods for Experimental Allergen Immunotherapy: Subcutaneous and Sublingual Desensitization in Mouse Models of Allergic Asthma; Allergic asthma is characterized by airway hyperresponsiveness, remodeling, and reversible airway obstruction. This is associated with an eosinophilic inflammation of the airways, caused by inhaled allergens such as house dust mite or grass pollen. The inhaled allergens trigger a type-2 inflammatory response with the involvement of innate lymphoid cells (ILC2) and Th2 cells, resulting in high immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody production by B cells and mucus production by airway epithelial cells. As a consequence of the IgE production, subsequent allergen reexposure results in a classic allergic response with distinct early and late phases, both resulting in bronchoconstriction and shortness of breath. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the only treatment that is capable of modifying the immunological process underlying allergic responses including allergic asthma. Both subcutaneous AIT (SCIT) as well as sublingual AIT (SLIT) have shown clinical efficacy in long-term suppression of the allergic response. Although AIT treatments are very successful for rhinitis, application in asthma is hampered by variable efficacy, long duration of treatment, and risk of severe side effects. A more profound understanding of the mechanisms by which AIT induces tolerance to allergens in sensitized individuals is needed to be able to improve its efficacy. Mouse models have been very valuable in preclinical research for characterizing the mechanisms of desensitization in AIT and evaluating novel approaches to improve its efficacy. Here, we present a rapid and reproducible mouse model for allergen-specific immunotherapy. In this model, mice are sensitized with two injections of allergen adsorbed to aluminum hydroxide, followed by subcutaneous injections (SCIT) or sublingual administrations (SLIT) of allergen extracts as an immunotherapy treatment. Finally, mice are challenged by intranasal allergen administrations. We will also describe the protocols as well as the most important readout parameters for the measurements of invasive lung function, serum immunoglobulin levels, isolation of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF), and preparation of cytospin slides. Moreover, we describe how to perform ex vivo restimulation of lung single-cell suspensions with allergens, flow cytometry for identification of relevant immune cell populations, and ELISAs and Luminex assays for assessment of the cytokine concentrations in BALF and lung tissue.
Prevalence and type of sensitization to pollen allergens in Egyptian patients with respiratory allergy; Objectives: The frequency of allergic rhinitis and asthma is increas-ing, which represents a major public health problem. Seasonal aller-gies are mostly caused by pollen allergens, typically with symptoms exacerbation during the pollen season. In the current study, we aimed to assess the prevalence and type of pollen sensitization among 200 adult Egyptian patients with sea-sonal allergic rhinitis and bronchial asthma during the pollen season in Egypt from March till August. Method: Two hundred adult (>18 years old) patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis and asthma were recruited from the Allergy outpa-tient clinic of Ain Shams University Hospitals. Skin prick test (SPT) was done to all patients using standardized allergen extracts pro-vided by Stallergenes Greer to ten commonly encountered pollen allergens: Bermuda grass, Ray grasses, Grasses mix, Birch tree, Cypress tree, Betulaceae, Russian thistle, Plantain, Chenopodium, Mugwort. Patients with contraindications to SPT as patients on long-acting an-tihistamines were excluded from participation. Results: SPT to pollens was positive in 50/200 patients (25%). Twenty/fifty (40%) patients with positive SPT were sensitized to one pollen, while 30/50 patients (60%) were polysensitized. The com-monest sensitizing pollen was ray grasses in 56% of patients, fol-lowed by Plantain in 48% and grasses mix in 36%. Conclusions: Sensitization to pollens affected one-quarter of the pa-tients, and polysensitization was more prevalent than monosensiti-zation. Future large-scale studies should be conducted to determine the frequency and type of sensitization to seasonal pollens in differ-ent geographical areas, and trials of administration of pre-seasonal immunotherapy as a treatment modality for patients with seasonal respiratory allergies should be considered.
Detection and Inhibition of IgE for cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants evident in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for detection of allergen-specific IgE in the sera of dogs and cats; Background: It has been demonstrated recently that immunoglobulin (Ig)E specific for cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (CCD) is present in the serum of allergen-sensitized dogs and cats, and that these CCD-specific antibodies might confound serological testing. Hypothesis/Objective: The objective was to document the prevalence of CCD detectable in a monoclonal cocktail-based enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay designed for the detection of allergen-specific IgE in the sera of dogs and cats, and to define a means for successful inhibition of these CCD. Methods and materials: The incidence of reactivity to bromelain and a commercially available inhibitor of carbohydrate-specific antibodies (RIDA-CCD) was evaluated in 100 dog sera samples before and after inhibition with RIDA-CCD and a proprietary inhibitor containing carbohydrates derived from bromelain (BROM-CCD). Subsequently, sera from 600 dogs and 600 cats were evaluated using a serum diluent with and without BROM-CCD. Results: Both the RIDA-CCD and BROM-CCD inhibitors demonstrated successful reduction of CCD reactivity, although a more efficient profile of inhibition was evident with BROM-CCD. Mite reactivity in dog and cat sera was largely unaffected
Intradermal Phleum pratense allergoid immunotherapy. Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial; Background: In allergology, the intradermal approach is generally used to establish an aetiological diagnosis, with limited experience in specific allergen immunotherapy. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of immunotherapy with an allergen extract of glutaraldehyde-polymerized Phleum pratense, administered intradermally, in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis sensitized to grass pollen. Methods: Multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial in patients from 12 to 65 years of age with rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma, due to grass pollen allergy. Patients were divided into three groups and received a total of six doses in a weekly interval, of either placebo
Application of a Mapping Function to Estimate Utilities for Ragweed Allergy Immunotherapy Trials; Background: Ragweed pollen sensitivity is a common cause of allergic rhinitis (AR) worldwide. AR symptoms include itchy and runny eyes, sneezing, blocked nose, impaired sleep and social and emotional problems, which can have a significant impact on quality of life. Objective: The objective of this analysis was to estimate utilities for two pooled standardised quality (SQ) ragweed sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet trials by applying a previously developed mapping algorithm. This study validated the algorithm and extended its application to ragweed seasonal allergy trials. The mapping algorithm relates disease-specific quality-of-life scores to preference-based utilities that may be used to calculate quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) in cost-effectiveness studies. Methods: A mapping algorithm based on a grass pollen allergy immunotherapy trial, GT-08 (EudraCT no. 2004-000083-27) was applied to pooled data from two ragweed pollen immunotherapy trials, P05233 (EudraCT 2008-003863-38) and P05234 (EudraCT 2008-003864-20) to generate EuroQoL 5-Dimensions, 3-Levels (EQ-5D-3L) utilities from Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) data. Results: The mean utility difference between the SQ ragweed SLIT tablet and placebo was 0.025 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.011–0.038]. The SQ ragweed SLIT tablet showed an incremental quality-adjusted life-days (QALDs) benefit of 1.900 (95% CI 0.835–2.916) over 75 days. Conclusions: Application of a previously developed mapping function allowed for the calculation of QALDs associated with the SQ ragweed SLIT tablet. The results showed a QALD benefit of the SQ ragweed SLIT tablet in P05233 and P05234 trials in the treatment of ragweed pollen-induced AR.
High dose vitamin D3 empowers effects of subcutaneous immunotherapy in a grass pollen-driven mouse model of asthma; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) has the potential to provide long-term protection against allergic diseases. However, efficacy of AIT is suboptimal, while application of high doses allergen has safety concerns. The use of adjuvants, like 1,25(OH)2VitD3 (VitD3), can improve efficacy of AIT. We have previously shown that low dose VitD3 can enhance suppression of airway inflammation, but not airway hyperresponsiveness in a grass pollen (GP)-subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) mouse model of allergic asthma. We here aim to determine the optimal dose and formulation of VitD3 for the GP SCIT. GP-sensitized BALBc/ByJ mice received three SCIT injections of VitD3-GP (30, 100, and 300 ng or placebo). Separately, synthetic lipids, SAINT, was added to the VitD3-GP-SCIT formulation (300 nmol) and control groups. Subsequently, mice were challenged with intranasal GP, and airway hyperresponsiveness, GP-specific IgE, -IgG1, and -IgG2a, ear-swelling responses (ESR), eosinophils in broncho-alveolar lavage fluid and lung were measured. VitD3 supplementation of GP-SCIT dose-dependently induced significantly enhanced suppression of spIgE, inflammation and hyperresponsiveness, while neutralizing capacity was improved and ESR were reduced. Addition of VitD3 further decreased Th2 cytokine responses and innate cytokines to allergens in lung tissue by GP-SCIT. However, addition of synthetic lipids to the allergen/VitD3 mixes had no additional effect on VitD3-GP-SCIT. We find a clear, dose dependent effect of VitD3 on GP-SCIT-mediated suppression of allergic inflammation and airway hyperresponsiveness. In contrast, addition of synthetic lipids to the allergen/VitD3 mix had no therapeutic effect. These studies underscore the relevance of VitD3 as an adjuvant to improve clinical efficacy of SCIT treatment regimens.
Eosinophilic lingual tonsillitis induced by sublingual immunotherapy: A case series; The new observation of eosinophilic lingual tonsillitis as a possible adverse reaction to sublingual immunotherapy is likely to stimulate new investigations aimed at improving the understanding of the mechanisms of biodistribution of extracts placed at the sublingual level.
RESOLUTION OF POLLEN FOOD ALLERGY SYNDROME SYMPTOMS WHILE ON OMALIZUMAB THERAPY; Introduction: Symptoms of pollen food allergy syndrome (PFAS) can range from isolated oropharyngeal symptoms to more severe systemic reactions. These symptoms can significantly affect patients’ quality of life. Current treatment options for PFAS are limited. We describe a case in which treatment with omalizumab resulted in complete resolution of PFAS symptoms. Case Description: A 61-year-old man presented for evaluation of recurrent angioedema and urticaria. During evaluation, the patient was also found to be avoiding several fruits, including grapefruit, lemon, orange, grape, plum, pineapple, tomato, strawberry, peach, banana, apricot, kiwi, cantaloupe and apple due to severe oropharyngeal pruritus and perioral urticarial eruptions. A laboratory work up included normal serum protein electrophoresis, normal complement and C1 esterase inhibitor and function levels, normal TSH and thyroglobulin antibody screen, normal tryptase and negative ANA. Immunocaps for environmental aeroallergens showed sensitization to bahia grass, timothy grass, white oak, pecan, marshelder, ragweed and dog dander. Total IgE was 1579. The patient was started on omalizumab 300mg every four weeks for chronic spontaneous urticaria and angioedema. At six month follow up the patient reported complete resolution of pollen food allergy syndrome symptoms in addition to improvement in the frequency of urticaria and angioedema. The patient successfully reintroduced all fruits back into his diet. Discussion: This case demonstrates resolution of PFAS symptoms while on omalizumab therapy. Therapeutic options for PFAS are limited, with conflicting evidence on the benefit of immunotherapy for PFAS symptoms. In patients receiving omalizumab, this case demonstrates potential for the additional benefit of resolution of PFAS symptoms.
Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is beneficial in long-term atopic Shiba dogs in Japan: Two case reports; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a therapeutic option in canine atopic dermatitis (cAD). The Shiba breed in Japan is predisposed to cAD, yet the efficacy of SLIT remains unknown in atopic Shiba dogs. This study describes the treatment of two Shiba dogs in Japan with SLIT. The first case was a 10-year-old Shiba male, who had four years of therapy with prednisolone combined with antihistamines, prednisolone combined with ciclosporin, oclacitinib, and a combination of oclacitinib and ciclosporin without significant improvement. SLIT (Diamond Animal Health Inc.
Prevalence of IgE against CCD and impact of CCD blocking in serum from cats; Cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (CCD) lead to highly multi-positive results in seasonal in vitro allergy tests. False-positive/clinically irrelevant results arise from the detection of immunoglobulin (Ig)E against CCD (anti-CCD IgE). However, there are no studies on this phenomenon in cats. This retrospective study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of polysensitization in feline sera and the impact of the use of a CCD inhibitor (CHO blocker). A total of 472 cat sera (from veterinary practices in the EU, Switzerland and China, the majority from Germany) were subjected to a seasonal in vitro allergy test using Elisa Fc-ϵ receptor technology (Heska
Cost-effectiveness of grass pollen allergen immunotherapy in adults; Background: Major scientific societies, such as the EAACI or the AAAAI, do not express any suggestion on which form of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is to be preferred (subcutaneous immunotherapy, SCIT, vs sublingual immunotherapy, SLIT). This choice could depend on their relative pharmacoeconomic value. Objective: To assess the cost-effectiveness of AIT for grass pollen, administered as SCIT or SLIT. Methods: We created a Markovian Model, to evaluate, in a hypothetical cohort of adult patients suffering from moderate-to-severe rhino-conjunctivitis with or without allergic asthma, the cost-effectiveness of SLIT (tablets, Grazax® and Oralair®) or SCIT (various currently available products, plus indirect nonmedical costs, such as travel and productivity costs) in addition to pharmacological therapy, assuming a 9-year horizon to capture AIT long-term effects. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) was calculated assuming pharmacological therapy as the reference comparator. Results: In the base case, SCIT was slightly more expensive, but more effective than SLIT, being the most cost-effective option (ICER for SCIT, €11 418
Omalizumab in three children with severe vernal keratoconjunctivitis; Background: Vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC) is a rare, recurrent form of ocular allergy that can be refractory to topical and systemic treatment. It typically presents as acute and chronic keratoconjunctival inflammation that may lead to visual impairment due to corneal ulcers and scaring. Patients often suffer from atopic IgE-driven comorbidities, especially atopic eczema. Children are frequently affected and often do not tolerate topical treatment well, especially if photophobia and pain impair therapy adherence. We present three children with severe VKC who were not controlled by first- and second-line topical and systemic therapy and finally responded to treatment with the monoclonal anti-IgE antibody omalizumab as third-line treatment. Methods and results: We retrospectively analyzed three patients with VKC having failed response to first- and second-line treatment. All three boys had very early allergic rhinoconjunctivitis from age 1–3 with polysensitization: birch, grass pollen, house dust mite, and/or pets. All received subcutaneous or sublingual immunotherapy (SCIT/SLIT) for birch and/or grass pollen without major success. Two patients had comorbidities: allergic asthma and severe atopic dermatitis (AD). For at least 6 months after the first administration, monoclonal anti-IgE antibody omalizumab (150 or 300mg) was administered subcutaneously every 2–6 weeks in all patients achieving improvement of the clinical grading scale from VKC grade 3–4 to grade 1–2. One patient had a relapse mainly of his AD and achieved complete control of AD and VKC by introduction of dupilumab. Conclusion: Although the clinical benefit of omalizumab in asthma and chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) has been established in several clinical trials, there are very little data about its effect on severe VKC. In addition to few previously reported cases we can report the rapid effectiveness of omalizumab in VKC clinically and in terms of quality of life. Randomized trials are needed to include omalizumab in third-line treatment of VKC for prevention of visual impairment and further sequelae such as corneal damage.
Nasal reactivity evaluation in children with allergic rhinitis receiving grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; Background: The European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology guidelines, strongly recommended allergen immunotherapy (AIT) as an effective treatment to achieve long-term clinical benefits and to modify the natural history of allergic diseases. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) offers the possibility of home administration, which improves patient comfort and compliance. Objective: The primary outcome of this study was to assess the change in nasal reactivity after grass-pollen AIT treatment. Methods: This was a monocentric, prospective, observational study conducted in Rome from September 2016 to June 2018, in the Pediatric Department of Policlinico Umberto I. We enrolled children, ages between 6 and 12 years, with persistent allergic rhinitis (AR), sensitized to grass pollen. At the first visit (V0, September 2016), one group received the first dose of oral immunotherapy for grass-pollen spray buccal and the other group continued only standard therapy. All the patients had nasal specific immunoglobulin I (IgE) assay (Phl p1, Phl p5), active anterior rhinomanometry with a nasal provocation test (NPT), and spirometry. The patients attended two follow-up visits, in May 2017 (V1) and May 2018 (V2), with the same examinations as at V0. Results: During the treatment, we observed, in the treated group, a significant increase in the mean nasal flow compared with untreated children (p < 0.001). In the AIT group, we found an improvement of nasal function and only 21.05% of all the children in the active group with a positive NPT result at V2. In the control group, we found, at V2, a worsening of nasal function, with 89.47% of the children with a positive NPT result. Furthermore, we found a significant reduction of nasal specific IgE levels at the end of the observation period in the treated group. Conclusion: Analysis of our data provided evidence for a clinical effect of SLIT in inducing clinical changes and allergen tolerance in children with AR. OT COP
Real-world adherence of subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) pollen AIT: A retrospective analysis in Germany; Adherence is key to ensure effectiveness of AIT. The aim of the study was to evaluate the real-life adherence to SCIT and SLIT preparations within the prescribing guidelines. We used the IMS LRx® database (IQVIA, Frankfurt, Germany) covering approx. 60% of all German statutory health prescriptions. We compared the adherence of cases (n= 68,586) with an initial AIT prescription in 10/2009-9/2013 (grass) or 6/2010-5/2013 (tree). We analyzed 1 SCIT grass pollen allergoid and 2 grass pollen tablets, 1 SCIT tree pollen allergoid and 2 sublingual tree pollen products. Shares of patients with adherence of ≤1 year, ≤2 years, ≤3 years and >3 years and days on therapy with the respective preparations were descriptively analyzed. 61.9% of patients receiving grass pollen SCIT reached the 3rd treatment year, whereas in patients treated with grass pollen tablets adherence up to 3rd year was 29.6/33.7% (dependent on product). For tree pollen treatment adherence up to 3rd year was 60.1% for SCIT and 29.6/33.8% for SLIT. Irrespective of the allergen, the SCIT treatment adherence in children (5-11y) was the highest compared to adolescents (12-17y) or adults (18-50y). In patients on grass AIT the highest number of days on therapy (DoT) was found for the SCIT preparation (mean of 1,034 days)
Impact of subcutaneous allergoid AIT on patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma: A retrospective real-life, long-term cohort analysis; Data on real-world outcomes of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) are scarce. To evaluate the effectiveness of SCIT with grass, tree or house dust mite allergoid preparations in the treatment of allergic rhinitis or asthma, we analyzed data on prescriptions of symptomatic medication in the relevant patient population. The analyses were conducted with IMS LRx® (IQVIA, Frankfurt, Germany). For each allergen, we compared two groups of allergic patients: one group treated for at least 2 years with an allergoid SCIT, the control group received symptomatic medication only. We analyzed data over 9 years. The impact of SCIT was assessed by comparing the number of symptomatic prescriptions for allergic rhinitis or asthma between the SCIT group and the control group. The analysis was structured as a comparison between a pre-index period (at least 18 months before SCIT) and a follow up period (covering at least 2 years following SCIT) with a time adjustment for the latter period. Considering the symptoms of allergic rhinitis in the follow-up period, the SCIT group had significantly less prescriptions of symptomatic medication in the follow up period compared to control group (house dust mite 59.7%, grass 64.8%, tree 56.0%). The number of symptomatic asthma prescriptions in the full analysis period was significantly lower in the SCIT group than in the control group (house dust mite 10.8%, grass 14.0%, tree 9.3%). This real-world analysis of prescription data in allergic patients shows that SCIT with allergoid preparations reduced number of prescriptions of symptomatic allergic rhinitis and asthma medication, compared to control patients.
In silico Design of Phl p 6 Variants With Altered Fold-Stability Significantly Impacts Antigen Processing, Immunogenicity and Immune Polarization; Introduction: Understanding, which factors determine the immunogenicity and immune polarizing properties of proteins, is an important prerequisite for designing better vaccines and immunotherapeutics. While extrinsic immune modulatory factors such as pathogen associated molecular patterns are well-understood, far less is known about the contribution of protein inherent features. Protein fold-stability represents such an intrinsic feature contributing to immunogenicity and immune polarization by influencing the amount of peptide-MHC II complexes (pMHCII). Here, we investigated how modulation of the fold-stability of the grass pollen allergen Phl p 6 affects its ability to stimulate immune responses and T cell polarization. Methods: MAESTRO software was used for in silico prediction of stabilizing or destabilizing point mutations. Mutated proteins were expressed in E. coli, and their thermal stability and resistance to endolysosomal proteases was determined. Resulting peptides were analyzed by mass spectrometry. The structure of the most stable mutant protein was assessed by X-ray crystallography. We evaluated the capacity of the mutants to stimulate T cell proliferation in vitro, as well as antibody responses and T cell polarization in vivo in an adjuvant-free BALB/c mouse model. Results: In comparison to wild-type protein, stabilized or destabilized mutants displayed changes in thermal stability ranging from −5 to +14°. While highly stabilized mutants were degraded very slowly, destabilization led to faster proteolytic processing in vitro. This was confirmed in BMDCs, which processed and presented the immunodominant epitope from a destabilized mutant more efficiently compared to a highly stable mutant. In vivo, stabilization resulted in a shift in immune polarization from TH2 to TH1/TH17 as indicated by higher levels of IgG2a and increased secretion of TNF-α, IFN-γ, IL-17, and IL-21. Conclusion: MAESTRO software was very efficient in detecting single point mutations that increase or reduce fold-stability. Thermal stability correlated well with the speed of proteolytic degradation and presentation of peptides on the surface of dendritic cells in vitro. This change in processing kinetics significantly influenced the polarization of T cell responses in vivo. Modulating the fold-stability of proteins thus has the potential to optimize and polarize immune responses, which opens the door to more efficient design of molecular vaccines.
Compliance in subcutaneous and sublingual allergen immunotherapy: A nationwide study; Introduction: Allergic rhino-conjunctivitis is a highly prevalent condition. In moderate to severe cases, allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a cost-effective therapeutic option. Previous data have reported a large difference in treatment compliance of subcutaneously (SCIT) and sublingually (SLIT) administered AIT. Methods: By use of the unique civil registration number assigned to all Danish citizens and the Danish National Health Service Prescription Database, compliance rates of all patients prescribed with grass pollen AIT from January 1998 until December 2016 were analysed annually during the three-year treatment period. Results: The male/female ratio was close to 1:1 in SCIT, while SLIT was more frequently used by men. A large proportion of users was children or adolescents (32% and 45%, SCIT and SLIT, respectively). Compliance of both subcutaneous and sublingual treatment gradually fell each year
Subsets of T regulatory cells in patients with grass pollen allergy; Disclosure: This study is supported by research grant DN13/2/ 14.12.2017, Bulgarian National Science Fund. Background: It is presently known that several subsets of T cells, both natural (nTreg) and inducible (iTreg) maintain tolerance to environmental allergens. But the relative importance of distinct phenotypically defined Treg subsets for the clinical manifestations of IgE-mediated allergy has not been elucidated yet. The aim of the study was to investigate differences between circulating natural and inducible CD4 and CD8 Treg from patients with proven grass pollen allergy, in comparison to healthy controls. Method: A group of 11 patients, sensitized to grass pollens and the corresponding group of healthy sex and age-matched controls were included in the study. Peripheral blood samples were taken after informed consent. Mononuclear cells were isolated by Ficoll/Paque gradient centrifugation. Percentage and absolute count (AC) of the following regulatory subsets: naive (CD45RO-FoxP3lo), memory (RO+FoxP3+), effector (Tregeff, RO+FoxP3hi), natural (nTreg, CD134-), induced (CD39+CD134+), Th17-like (CD196+) FoxP3+ CD4Treg
Symptoms evolution in children treated with allergen immunotherapy: a real-life pilot study; Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is associated to high direct and indirect costs, and, especially in pediatrics, may precede the appearance of allergic asthma and have a major impact on patients’ quality of life. Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) is the only causative treatment for AR, therefore the only option capable of modifying the history of the disease. The aim of this pilot study was to assess the clinical evolution of children suffering from AR and treated through AIT, paired with other children suffering from AR and treated with symptomatic drugs only. Methods: We included in the present retrospective study 32 monosensitized children suffering from AR and followed over the previous 5 years at the pediatric allergy unit of the University Hospital of Varese (Italy). 16 of them underwent a three-years AIT treatment to mites or grass and were then followed for 2 years afterwards. We paired them with 16 others, with same age, sex, and sensitization profile, and followed for 5 years in our Unit. Symptoms severity was assessed through the ARPhyS scale.(1) Chi-squared test was used to assess the hypothesis that AIT improves symptoms. Odds rartio was evaluated to assess the risk of developing asthma with and without AIT. Results: In each group, average age was 13.9 years (min-max 10-17), 5 patients in each group were sensitized to grass (31.2%) and 11 to mites (68.8%). 2 years after a 3-years course of AIT, 4 children showed a complete resolution of rhinitis symptoms (all of them were treated for mites), and no symptoms of asthma. 9 of them showed a significant reduction of their symptoms severity, but one of them started suffering from asthma. 3 of them had no AR symptoms improvement, and 1 of them presented asthma. In the other group, without AIT, 5 years after the first consultation, none was asymptomatic, 3 improved their AR symptoms, 13 worsen their rhinitis symptoms score, and 6 of them presented with asthma as well. The difference in patients improving their symptoms was significantly higher in the AIT group (p=0.004). Being treated with AIT is protective for the development of asthma, with an odds-ratio of 0.24. Conclusion: In the present real-life study, we showed that children treated through AIT have a better clinical evolution in regards to their AR symptoms. They also are less likely to develop allergic asthma, when compared with children managed with symptomatic treatment only. We may speculate that AIT not only improve children’s quality of life on a long term, but could also reduce overall costs of respiratory allergies in children, by reducing the incidence of asthma. Reference: 1. Caimmi D, Baiz N, Sanyal S, Banerjee S, Demoly P, Annesi-Maesano I. Discriminating severe seasonal allergic rhinitis. Results from a large nation-wide database. PLoS One 2018
Satisfaction with grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy assessed by ESPIA questionnaire – first results from Bulgaria; Background: Patient-reported outcomes should always be taken into consideration in order to enable a customized approach in shared decision making. Satisfaction with the treatment is of highly importance, especially in a long-term treatment like immunotherapy.(1) Our aim was to assess satisfaction with grass pollen SLIT in patients with allergic rhinitis with or without asthma, by using the Satisfaction Scale for Patients Receiving Allergen Immunotherapy (ESPIA) questionnaire which was recently validated in Bulgarian language and used for the first time in the country.(2) Methods: The study included patients with allergic rhinitis with or without asthma treated with grass pollen SLIT– liquid or tablets. The level of satisfaction was assessed in the course of the treatment by the ESPIA questionnaire. Results: A total number of 36 patients [mean age 35, range 21-57 years, 23(63.89%) men)] were included. Among them 10 (27.78%) with concomitant asthma. 23 (63.89%) underwent liquid SLIT. Among the participants 16 (44.44%) were treated for one season, 8 (22.22%) for two and 12 (33.33%) for three. Patients showed high level of satisfaction according to the ESPIA-answers- the average satisfaction score was 79,2 (SD13.47) (score 0-100). ESPIA score was statistically higher in patients without asthma – 85,34 vs. 68,38 (p<0.05). We found no significant difference in the satisfaction score between patients treated for one and for three seasons (p>0.05). Males and females were equally satisfied (p>0.05). Conclusion: A high level of satisfaction with grass pollen SLIT was established. Our first experience with ESPIA questionnaire provided data that it is valuable and useful in daily practice for assessment and treatment decisions. References: 1. Bousquet J, Pfaar O, Togias A, et al. 2019 ARIA Care pathways for allergen immunotherapy. Allergy. 2019
Validation of environmental exposure chamber (EEC) for controlled human inhalation studies in patients with timothy grass pollen-Triggered allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background : There is an increasing demand for the proper diagnosis of airborne allergies and the testing of allergen specific immunotherapy efficacy. Standardization of these practices requires stability of allergen concentration and environmental conditions-temperature and humidity, as well as the ability to induce of allergic symptoms in a reproducible manner. The Environmental Exposure Chamber (EEC) allows generation of exposures which are well controlled, stable and independent from external factors. The aim of this study was to validate an EEC for controlled Timothy grass pollen inhalation studies in patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR). Method : Seventeen individuals with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were exposed to Timothy grass pollen allergens in EEC. Symptoms were assessed using subjective methods-Combined Symptom and Medication Score (including Total Symptom Score TSS, Total Nasal Symptom Score TNSS) and Visual Analog Scale (VAS)
Patients' satisfaction with five-grass sublingual immunotherapy; Background : Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been shown to be effective in treating allergic rhinitis symptoms with improvement of comorbid diseases. However, data on the level of treatment satisfaction of patients with respiratory allergy are limited. Our aim was to assess satisfaction with grass pollen SLIT in patients with allergic rhinitis with or without asthma. Method : This cross-sectional observational study included patients who underwent one or three-year course of five-grass pollen SLITliquid or tablet. The Satisfaction Scale for Patients Receiving Allergen Immunotherapy (ESPIA) questionnaire validated in Bulgarian language was used to assess the level of satisfaction. Results : A total number of 42 patients, 13 (30.95%) with concomitant asthma [mean age 35
Influence of aeroallergen sensitization profile in clinical exacerbations of patients with cystic fibrosis; Background : To evaluate the influence of aeroallergen sensitization profile in clinical exacerbations of patients with cystic fibrosis (CF). Method : Retrospective transversal study comparing 11 patients with CF and 13 allergic controls (AC). The following variables were recorded: gender, age, age at diagnosis, genetic mutation, weight, height, body mass index (BMI), asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis, other atopic symptoms, Allergic Bronchopulmonary Aspergillosis (ABPA), immunotherapy, months of clinical exacerbations in the last three years, number of infections per year, use of antibiotics, most common bacterial agents, aeroallergen sensitization profile, pulmonary functional tests, nitric oxide in exhaled breath, and total IgE. Qualitative variables are shown as number and percentages, and numeric variables are shown as mean ± SD, or median and interquartile range, according to distribution. Comparisons were done by using Chi squared test, Student's t test, Fisher's exact test, and Mann Whitney's U test, according to the nature and distribution of variables. Statistical significance was set at 95% level ( P < 0.05). Results : The clinical variables, aeroallergen sensitization profile and pulmonary function results are shown in Table 1. Monthly distribution of clinical exacerbation in each group is shown in Figure 1, clinical exacerbations in autumn and winter months were more frequent in the AC being significantly different in February (5 cases in the AC group (45.5%) Vs none in the CF group, P = 0.03). Figure 2 shows the monthly distribution of clinical and infectious exacerbations in patients with CF, being both curves nearly identical. Comparing the results of the aeroallergen sensitization profile, the only allergen that showed higher sensitization rate in the CF group was mold (7.7% (1/13) vs 63.6% (7/11), P = 0.008). Nevertheless, a higher tendency rate was highlighted for grass pollen allergy, specifically timothy grass (61.5% (8/13) vs 27.3% (3/11), P = 0.12), although it was not statistical significant. All pulmonary function tests and nitric oxide in exhaled breath were significantly lower in the CF group. Conclusion : Assuming that infection is still the most important factor related to clinical exacerbation, allergic sensitization profile and exacerbation monthly distribution in patients with CF was rather similar to allergic controls, suggesting a role for atopia in their clinical manifestations. Further studies are needed to reach definitive conclusions.
Effectiveness and safety of immunotherapy with an allergoid adjuvanted with a TLR-4 agonist in asthmatic patients allergic to olive pollen: Results of a controlled retrospective study; Background : There is evidence supporting the use of a combination of the TLR- 4 agonist monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) with a pollen allergoid in patients with allergic rhinitis, but little is known about its use in asthmatic patients. The aim of this study was to expand the information regarding effectiveness and safety of an allergen immunotherapy (AIT) comprised of a microcrystalline tyrosine (MCT)- associated allergoid adjuvanted with a TLR- 4 agonist (MPL) in patients with seasonal allergic asthma. Method : A post- authorization, observational and retrospective study with two cohorts was conducted. Cohort 1 (AIT group): patients with allergic asthma (with/without rhinitis) caused by olive pollen (or olive + grass pollen) who were treated with an MCT- associated allergoid adjuvanted with MPL, previous to the pollen season following routine clinical practice. Cohort 2 (control group): patients with the same characteristics but who were not treated with AIT. The primary endpoint was the number of unscheduled medical visits during the pollen season. Secondary endpoints were: emergency room (ER) admissions during the pollen season, GEMA (Spanish Asthma Management Guide) classification of asthma and use of medication to treat asthma. Safety was evaluated by the number and severity of the adverse drug reactions (ADR). Results : Out of 134 patients recruited, 131 were evaluated and the distribution was: AIT group (n = 89), Control group (n = 42). Statistically significant differences were detected in the following variables when control group vs AIT group were compared: unscheduled medical visits (2.19 vs 1.09
Immunotherapy with a microcrystalline tyrosineadjuvanted allergoid combined with a TLR-4 agonist reduces emergency room admissions and improves asthma severity in children allergic to olive pollen; Background : An immunotherapy comprised of an allergoid associated with microcrystalline tyrosine (MCT) and adjuvanted with a TLR- 4 agonist (monophosphoryl lipid A, MPL) has previously exhibited good tolerance and effectiveness in adult patients with allergic rhinitis and in asthma but data regarding its use in children and adolescents are scarce. The objective of this sub- analysis was to evaluate the effectiveness of the treatment in a subgroup of children and adolescents with seasonal allergic asthma. Method : This was an observational, post- authorisation and retrospective study with two cohorts. Cohort 1 (AIT group): patients with allergic asthma caused by olive pollen (or olive + grass pollen) treated with an allergoid associated with MCT and adjuvanted with MPL, administered previous to the pollen season following routine clinical practice. Cohort 2 (control group): patients with the same characteristics but not treated with AIT. In the subgroup of children/adolescents the following variables were analysed: number of unscheduled medical visits and emergency room (ER) admissions during the pollen season, GEMA classification of asthma and use of medication to treat asthma. Results : 38 (29%) of 131 evaluated patients were children (5- 11 years) or adolescents (12- 17 years), 12 in the control group and 26 in the AIT group. All of them were asthmatic and also had allergic rhinitis. In the AIT group, 6 patients (23.1%) received 100% olive pollen AIT and 20 patients (76.9%) received 50%/50% olive + grass pollen AIT. Statistically significant differences ( P < 0.05) were observed in the following variables when the control group was compared to the AIT group: ER admissions (0.42 vs 0.0), GEMA (Spanish Asthma Management Guide) classification of asthma during the pollen season: intermittent + mild- persistent + moderate- persistent (control group: 25% + 41.7% + 33.3%
Immunological changes, including CD300 molecules expression, during allergen desensitization immunotherapy; Background : Our group has recently demonstrated that the phosphatidylserine and phosphatidylethanolamine binding CD300c receptor acts as a co- stimulatory molecule during basophil activation through the IgE/FcϵRI axis. In order to assess the clinical relevance of our previous findings, we have studied the expression of CD300c on basophils from patients with IgE- dependent allergies. Moreover, we are characterizing the immunological changes, including CD300 molecules expression, which takes place during allergen desensitization immunotherapy. Method : Blood samples from healthy donors and allergic patients were collected through the Basque Biobank. Patients included in the study showed IgE- mediated allergy symptoms, positive skin prick test responses, and in vitro specific IgE to cow's milk, egg, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus or Phleum pratense in the 6 months before blood extraction. Patients under desensitization immunotherapy against egg and Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus were also included. Using multiparametric flow cytometry, the expression of CD300c, CD300a and other markers, such as CD63, was determined on peripheral basophils. Additionally, phenotypic analyses of regulatory T cells (Tregs), including the determination of markers such as Helios, CD45RO, CTLA- 4, TIGIT, etc., are being carried out during the desensitization protocols. Results : We observed that basophils from subjects with dust mites and/or grass pollen allergy exhibited a significant increase in the expression of CD300c compared with non- allergic subjects. Surface CD63 expression levels were also significantly higher on basophils from adult allergic individuals. We also observed a significant higher expression of CD300c on basophils from cow's milk allergic children than in non- allergic
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy treatment induces transcriptomic and metabolic changes over time; Background : The prevalence of allergic diseases and their severity have increased worldwide in last decades. Sublingual administration of Phleum pratense allergy immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets is one of the most recent approaches of tolerance induction in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma. We have documented an immunomodulation effect of SLIT- tablets for at least 2 years after stopping a 3- year treatment
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy drives the generation of functional IL-10-producing innate lymphoid cells that are associated with clinical benefit: An RDBPC study; Background : Innate lymphoid cells (ILCs) with the capacity to produce IL- 10 have been recently reported. However, their role in allergic diseases remains unexplored. Here, we aimed to phenotype and identify the function of IL- 10- producing ILCs (ILC10) in the blood of seasonal allergic rhinitis patients and following allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Method : Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were collected from non- atopic controls (NAC,n = 18), grass pollen (GPA,n = 18), house dust mite (HDMA,n = 6) allergics and grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy- treated patients (GP- SCIT,n = 16) in a cross- sectional study. ILCs were isolated by FACS sorting or magnetic isolation. IL- 10 production was induced by stimulation with IL- 2/7/33/retinoic acid. Furthermore, in an RDBPC study, induction of ILC10 was evaluated following grass pollen sublingual (GP- SLIT,n = 13) and placebo (PLSLIT, n = 12) by flow cytometry and single- cell transcriptomics and protein expression using feature barcoding technology (CITE- Seq
Long-term effects of allergen immunotherapy to grass pollen; Background : Allergen- specific immunotherapy (AIT) is a crucial therapy for allergic rhinitis (AR). However, the long- term effectiveness of AIT remains to be explored. The objective of this study was to evaluate the clinical long- term effect of allergen injection immunotherapy to grass in patients with allergic rhinitis when immunotherapy was discontinued. Method : It was a prospective follow- up observation of patients with AR who completed preseasonal AIT for grass pollen. After receiving 3 years of AIT (ClinicalTrials.gov - Protocol Record MC56871/12), 31 patients were compared to a placebo group after an additional 3 years of observation. Combined symptom medication score (CSMS), quality of life (RQLQ) and concentration of allergen- specific IgE and IgG 4 for Phleum pratense were monitored during observation. The local grass pollen counts during May- August were determined by volumetric pollen trap every year of observation. Results : Three years after AIT was discontinued, a significant clinical effect based on CSMS was still observed compared with the baseline (before AIT), just after immunotherapy and 3 years later as follows: 7.85 (range: 3.67- 8.98) vs 4.63 (range: 3.76- 7.80) vs 4.03 (range: 3.12- 7.81). Significant differences in CSMS were observed every year between the study groups and the placebo group ( P < .05). Serumspecific IgE against Phleum pratense decreased during the AIT trial and remained at the same levels 3 years after immunotherapy compared to the placebo group. There were no significant changes between specific IgG 4 levels compared to results just after AIT. RQLQ stayed at a better level vs placebo throughout the observation. Conclusion : The positive effect obtained after allergen immunotherapy to grass pollen was sustained after a long period after therapy. However, further controlled studies are required to assess this result.
Accelerated dose escalation schedule with 3 injections of a 6-grasses allergoid preparation is safe in children and adolescents; Background : Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy (SCIT) with a grass pollen allergoid is an effective and tolerable treatment method. It has recently been shown that an accelerated dose escalation schedule with only one strength is safe and well tolerated in adults with grass pollen related allergic rhinitis (AR) with or without asthma (EudraCT- No.: 2017- 000754- 19). The present study (EudraCT- No.: 2018- 000548- 25) investigates the safety and tolerability of this accelerated dose escalation scheme in children and adolescents. Method : This multicentric, randomized phase II clinical study was conducted in 13 sites in Germany, Poland, Spain and Russia. 87 male and female patients (5 to < 18 years) were eligible for trial participation if the following inclusion criteria were met: a positive prick test for grass pollen, specific IgE [>0.70 kU/L] against grass pollen and symptoms of moderate to severe rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis (+/- asthma) triggered by grass pollen exposure. Safety and tolerability of an accelerated dose escalation schedule (3 injections of strength B) were compared with a standard dose escalation schedule (7 injections of strength A+B) of a 6- grasses pollen allergoid. Both groups receive 2 additional maintenance dose injections. The tolerability was assessed by using a 5- point Likert scale by patients and physicians. All adverse events were recorded. The study design was approved by the competent authorities and ethics committees in all participating countries. Results : Overall, in children, 89.6% and in adolescents 78.9% of all adverse drug reactions were of mild intensity. No systemic reactions with WAO Grade > 1 were reported. In both age groups, there was no significant difference of incidence of adverse reactions between the escalation schedules. Furthermore, 90% of the patients rated the tolerability of one strength regimen as “good” or “very good”. Conclusion : Accelerated escalation schedule with a 6- grasses pollen allergoid can be initiated with a safety and tolerability profile comparable to the standard dose escalation schedule in children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma. Hence, this new accelerated one strength SCIT option of a6- grasses pollen allergoid may offer benefits for children and adolescences since fewer injections and visits to the physician are necessary and therefore it is more convenient.
Effects of combined treatment with allergen immunotherapy and dupilumab on nasal allergen challenge and tolerability of immunotherapy; Background : Interleukin (IL)- 4 and IL- 13 play key roles in the pathogenesis of allergic responses, and antagonism of these cytokines may contribute to the beneficial effects of allergy immunotherapy. We hypothesized that the addition of dupilumab, a monoclonal antibody that inhibits IL- 4 and IL- 13 signaling, to cluster subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) would enhance efficacy in blocking allergic responses and improve tolerability during SCIT updosing as compared with SCIT alone. Method : We conducted a multicenter, randomized, double- blind, 4- arm study (NCT03558997) in 103 adults with Timothy grass (TG) allergic rhinitis, comparing 16 weeks of SCIT (cluster protocol with 8- week build- up to 4,000 bioequivalent allergy units and 8- week maintenance), subcutaneous dupilumab (300 mg every 2 weeks), SCIT+dupilumab, and placebo. Patients underwent a nasal allergen challenge with TG extract at baseline and at Week 17. The primary endpoint in the study was total nasal symptom score (TNSS) area under the curve for the first hour (AUC 0-1) comparing SCIT+dupilumab with SCIT. Results : More patients receiving SCIT+dupilumab tolerated SCIT updosing than those receiving SCIT alone. In the SCIT group, 31% of patients terminated treatment due to SCIT- related allergic reactions vs 4% in the SCIT+dupilumab group ( P = .0238). At Week 17, the prespecified primary analysis of TNSS AUC 0-1 treatment effect did not demonstrate a differential benefit comparing SCIT+dupilumab vs SCIT. The pre- specified sensitivity analysis demonstrated a placebo- corrected reduction of 24.6% ( P = .0474) in TNSS AUC 0-1 with SCIT+dupilumab compared with 16.3% reduction with SCIT ( P = .1871). Assessment of efficacy was limited by the unanticipated number of dropouts in the SCIT group. The SCIT+dupilumab group demonstrated a reduction in SCIT- associated rise in TG- specific (s) IgE compared with the SCIT group (56% median reduction vs 81% median increase
Efficacy of allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis assessed by conjunctival allergen provocation-a real-life study; Background : Conjunctival allergen provocation tests (CPT) are used to assess efficacy of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in clinical trials
Safety of an ultrarush immunotherapy build-up schedule of subcutaneous immunotherapy in paediatric age; Background : Accelerated subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) schedules represent an alternative to conventional SCIT, providing immunotherapy benefits in a shorter period of time with fewer administrations. In recent studies, it has been demonstrated that the use of modified extracts is a safe and effective procedure particularly on accelerated schedules. However, there are few studies assessing the safety of ultrarush schedule of SCIT, using modified allergen extracts, such as mixtures of mites and pollens, in paediatric age. The aim of the study was to evaluate the safety profile of ultrarush SCIT for the treatment of respiratory allergy in pediatric patients. Method : We included all paediatric patients submitted to SCIT, using a ultrarush schedule induction phase (administration 0.2 and 0.3 mL with 30 min interval), with mite and/or pollen modified allergenic extracts, during a four- year period (from 2016 to 2019), in our Allergy Department. Demographic data, type of allergic diseases and sensitization to aeroallergens were recorded, as well as type of extract and adverse reactions (local/systemic
Specific immunotherapy in relation to health- related quality of life and symptom score-a three-year follow-up; Background : Asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis are chronic diseases that are common in children and may have impact on quality of life. Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is treatment used for moderate asthma and severe IgE- mediated allergies. The treatment is given as subcutaneous injections or sublingually over treatment period of 3- 4 years. There are several studies on the immunological effects of AIT but few studies about the effect on health related quality of life (HRQoL). The objective were to assess health related quality of life and symptoms in children and adolescents with rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma, who received allergy specific immunotherapy, for 3 years. Method : A retrospective cohort study, with children and adolescents (n = 158), aged 5- 16 years old, with allergy to grass or birch who started treatment with AIT during 2011- 2015. HRQoL (measured with DISABKIDS) and symptoms (measured with symptom score) were assessed before starting and after 1- 3 years of treatment. Differences over time were analyzed with mixed models. Results : Health related quality of life were improved after the first year of treatment (85.6 vs 79.3, P < .001), the improvements were maintained over the next 2 years. Symptoms from eyes, nose and lungs were improved after the first year of AIT treatment (eyes 2.1 vs 3.9, P =<.001, nose 5.0 vs 7.8, P =<.001, lungs 2.3 vs 4.4, P =<.001). The improvements were maintained over the next 2 years, but there were no further improvements. Conclusion : In children and adolescents with chronic allergy and asthma, quality of life is positively affected by allergen immunotherapy treatment, despite prolonged treatment and many injections. The symptoms from nose, eyes and lungs were improved in the first year and improvements were maintained over the next 2 years.
Eosinophilic esophagitis during allergen immunotherapy in children: Is slit a possible risk factor; Case Report : We describe 2 cases of eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) developed during sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in patients with allergic rhinitis. Patient 1. A 9- year- old male was evaluated to our Allergy Clinic for intermittent allergic rhinitis, despite antihistaminic therapy and topic steroid. History was positive for atopic dermatitis and cow ' s milk allergy. He underwent skin test and ImmunoCAP ® that resulted positive for grass pollens. The child started SLIT with an improvement in his symptoms. After 1 year of SLIT, he presented vomiting, dysphagia, abdominal pain, and weight loss, that gradually increased in intensity. Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy revealed longitudinal linear furrows, concentric rings, and exudates, which were highly suggestive of EoE. A biopsy sample obtained from esophageal mucosa showed 60 Eo/HPF, confirming the diagnosis of EoE. SLIT was immediately discontinued, and the patient was started on a high dose of PPI for 8 weeks, without significant improvement. The follow- up endoscopy revealed active disease with persistent eosinophilic inflammation of the esophagus. Therefore, we added viscous budesonide with clinical improvement and histological remission at follow- up endoscopies. Patient 2. A 15- year- old female developed EoE after 2 years of successful dust mites SLIT for persistent allergic rhinitis. History was positive for food allergy (tree nuts) and controlled asthma. She progressively presented dysphagia and heartburn, that did not improve with PPI. The upper gastrointestinal endoscopy revealed mucosal hyperemia and concentric rings of the esophagus, while histology showed > 100 eo/HPF. She discontinued SLIT and was started on viscous budesonide with clinical and histological improvement at follow- up. We reported the first two Italian clinical cases of pediatric EoE occurred during SLIT. EoE is a chronic TH2- mediated inflammatory disease that affects the esophagus. Most of the described risk factors of EoE are related to atopic comorbidities. A recent meta- analysis revealed that new onset of EoE occurs in up to 2.7% of patients with IgE- mediated food allergy undergoing OIT. Additionally, in the last years, several case reports of EoE during SLIT for environmental allergens were reported. This suggests that SLIT might be a possible risk factor or a trigger of EoE in predisposed individuals. Allergists and Pediatricians might suspect EoE in symptomatic children treated with SLIT for allergic rhinitis.
Allergen exposure chambers: implementation in clinical trials in allergen immunotherapy; Allergen exposure chambers (AECs) have been developed for controlled allergen challenges of allergic patients mimicking natural exposure. As such, these facilities have been utilized e.g., for proof of concept, dose finding or the demonstration of onset of action and treatment effect sizes of antiallergic medication. Moreover, clinical effects of and immunological mechanisms in allergen immunotherapy (AIT) have been investigated in AECs. In Europe AIT products have to fulfill regulatory requirements for obtaining market authorization through Phase I to III clinical trials. Multiple Phase II (dose-range-finding or proof-of-concept) trials on AIT products have been performed in AECs. However, they are not accepted by regulatory bodies for pivotal (Phase III) trials and a more thorough technical and clinical validation is requested. Recently, a Position Paper of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) has outlined unmet needs in further development of AECs. The following review aims to address some of these needs on the basis of recently published data in the first part, whereas the second part overviews published examples of most relevant Phase II trials in AIT performed in AEC facilities.
Long-term efficacy of injected allergen immunotherapy for treatment of grass pollen allergy in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis; Background: The effect of prolonged allergen immunotherapy is still insufficiently known, especially in elderly patients. Objective: The effect after a 3-year course of injected allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) for grass pollen allergy in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis was observed. Methods: Thirty-eight elderly patients (mean 6 standard deviation, 66.2 6 2.7 years old) who received preseasonal injected AIT or placebo for grass pollen allergy were monitored for 3 years and compared with a placebo group. The combined symptom medication score (CSMS), serum level of immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4) to phleum pratense 5 (Phl p5) and quality of life were assessed immediately after AIT and 3 years later. Results: After AIT, the CSMS was significantly decreased from 2.15 (range, 1.27–3.00) to 1.13 (range, 0.79–1.36) (p = 0.03) and remained lower (1.41 6 0.72 versus 2.41 6 1.11) than that in the placebo group during the 3 years after AIT. Serum-specific IgG4 against increased during the course of AIT and remained at a high level during further observation. Quality of life, based on the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire, was significantly decreased in the patients who received AIT from 1.51 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.21–1.84) to 1.01 (95% CI, 0.93–1.87) (p < 0.05) and was decreased to 0.97–1.26 (95% CI, 0.88–1.82) during the 3 years after discontinuation of AIT. Conclusion: A prolonged positive effect after AIT for grass pollen allergy was observed in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis. Further trials are needed to confirm this effect. Clinical trial MC56871/12, www.clinicaltrials.gov. T CO.
Determinants and Factors of Satisfaction with Sublingual Immunotherapy in Patients with Allergic Rhinitis; INTRODUCTION: Allergen specific immunotherapy provides effective treatment of allergic rhinitis. Despite its efficacy, it can be signifi-cantly compromised by a possible treatment dissatisfaction of patients. AIM: To explore determinants and factors of satisfaction with sublingual immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total number of 191 patients with allergic rhinitis who completed a three-year course of sublingual im-munotherapy were included in the study. Of these, 76 had house dust mite (HDM) allergy - 42 men (55.26%) and 115 had grass pollen allergy - 63 men (54.78%) (mean age 27.3 years, SD: 6.14). The patients assessed their satisfaction using a visual analog scale. Health- Related Quality of Life was assessed by Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life questionnaire. A visual analog scale was used to determine severity of the allergic rhinitis. RESULTS: The mean overall satisfaction, compared with that in previous therapy, increased significantly from 4.80 (SD 2.16) to 7.47 (SD 2.05) in the grass pollen allergy group and from 3.42 (SD 2.31) to 7.61 (SD 2.38) in the patients with HDM SLIT (p< 0.001). No relation between satisfaction and sex, type of immunotherapy extracts and duration of the disease was established. A strong correlation was found between satisfaction with treatment and quality of life (R=0.62) and severity of allergic rhinitis (R=0.69) after a three-year course. CONCLUSION: The results of this real-life study demonstrated that most patients with allergic rhinitis appeared to be satisfied with a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy. The study provided evidence that reduction in severity of symptoms and improvement in quality of life could determine satisfaction with treatment.
1,25(OH)2VitD3 supplementation enhances suppression of grass pollen-induced allergic asthma by subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy in a mouse model; Allergen specific immunotherapy (AIT) can provide long-term alleviation of symptoms for allergic disease but is hampered by suboptimal efficiency. We and others have previously shown that 1,25(OH)2-VitaminD3 (VitD3) can improve therapeutic efficacy of AIT. However, it is unknown whether VitD3 supplementation has similar effects in sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy. Therefore, we aimed to test VitD3 supplementation in both grass pollen (GP) subcutaneous-IT (SCIT) and sublingual-IT (SLIT) in a mouse model for allergic airway inflammation. To this end, GP-sensitized BALB/c mice received GP-SCIT or GP-SLIT with or without 10 ng VitD3, followed by intranasal GP challenges and measurement of airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR) and inflammation. VitD3 supplementation of GP-SCIT resulted in enhanced induction of GP-specific (sp)-IgG2a and suppression of spIgE after challenge. In addition, eosinophil numbers were reduced and levels of IL10 and Amphiregulin were increased in lung tissue. In GP-SLIT, VitD3 supplementation resulted in enhanced sp-IgG2a levels in serum, enhanced suppression of eosinophils and increased IL10 levels in lung tissue, as well as suppression of AHR to methacholine. These data show that VitD3 increases efficacy of both SCIT and SLIT, by enhancing induction of blocking antibodies and suppression of airway inflammation, underscoring the relevance of proficient VitD3 levels for successful AIT.
Allergen immunotherapy: what is the added value of real-world evidence from retrospective claims database studies?; Introduction: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show that allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has proven long-term efficacy in patients with allergic rhinitis (AR). However, RCTs have limited generalizability and there is growing recognition that real-world evidence (RWE) is necessary to provide complementary data to those of RCTs, and corroborate their findings. Until recently, data from the real-world setting investigating the benefits of AIT for the treatment of patients with grass and birch pollen-associated AR were sparse, but new retrospective claims database studies from France and Germany have confirmed the sustained benefits of grass and birch pollen AIT in terms of significantly reduced progression of AR and asthma, and a significantly decreased risk of new-onset asthma. Areas covered: Here, we review the value of RWE used alongside data from traditional RCTs, and its potential strengths and limitations, and summarize the findings of the recent RWE studies investigating the benefits of AIT for the management of patients with grass and birch pollen-associated AR. Expert opinion: There is growing recognition of the necessity and value of RWE as a complement to data acquired in RCTs, to better understand the effects of AIT treatments in a broader, more representative patient population, and to help guide clinical decision-making.
Induction of IgG2 and IgG4 B-cell memory following sublingual immunotherapy for ryegrass pollen allergy; Background: While treatment for atopic rhinitis is aimed mostly to relieve symptoms, only allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is targeted to modify the natural history of allergic diseases. This results in sustained clinical tolerance, even when treatment has stopped. The immunomodulatory effects of AIT are attributed mainly to increased regulatory T-cell function and increased allergen-specific IgG4, yet little is known about the effect on the memory B-cell compartment. Objective: We aimed to examine the effects of AIT on the IgE- and IgG subclass-expressing memory B cells. Methods: We recruited 29 patients with atopic seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis and performed a longitudinal analysis of the peripheral immune compartment before, during, and after sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for allergy to temperate grass pollen, predominantly to ryegrass pollen (RGP
Serum immunoglobulin e reactivity to cross-reacting panallergen components in north-eastern Poland patients pollen sensitized; Background: The presence of immunoglobulin E (IgE), which cross-reacts with allergen components, such as profilins, polcalcins, and cross-reacting carbohydrate determinants (CCD), creates a problem when selecting patients for allergen immunotherapy by using conventional methods. The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of sensitization to profilins, polcalcins, and CCDs in patients with seasonal pollen allergic rhinitis. Methods: The study was performed on a group of 112 patients with seasonal pollen allergic rhinitis, ages 14 to 55 years, with sensitization to at least one seasonal allergen (IgE > 0.7 kUA/L). The presence of IgE sensitization to recombinant (r) Bet v 2, rPhl p 12, rBet v 4, rPhl p 7, and CCDs, in addition to rBet v 1, rPhl p 1, rPhl p 5, was evaluated by using a multiparameter immunoblot. Results: Among the studied patients, 64.3, 80.4, and 41.1% were sensitized to birch, timothy grass, and mugwort pollen, respectively. Sensitization to profilins rBet v 2/Phl p 12 was demonstrated in 28.6%, to polcalcins Bet v 4/Phl p 7 in 8.9%, and to CCDs in 25%. In 29.3%, serum IgE reactivity to any of the cross-reactive components could be demonstrated. Serum IgE reactivity to rBet v 2 was always accompanied by IgE reactivity to rPhl p 12, and IgE reactivity to rBet v 4 was always accompanied by IgE reactivity to rPhl p 7. Among the patients with pollinosis co-sensitized to at least two allergen sources according to extract-based diagnosis, possible false-positive results due to sensitization to cross-reactive components were detected in 17.9%. Conclusion: Evaluation of sensitization to cross-reacting components may be useful in evaluation of patients with pollen allergy who are being assessed for allergen immunotherapy to optimize the constitution of their immunotherapy vaccines.
Are Fungal Spores Relevant Outdoor Allergens?; Alternaria alternata spores are important allergens causing hayfever. Outdoor fungal exposure is primarily associated with increased asthma symptoms and increased risk of asthma exacerbations. In our outpatient-clinic, we investigated patients who presented with symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis and respiratory symptoms in the summertime. We found a sensitisation to Alternaria alternata in about 6âŠ% of the investigated patients. Especially in children and teenagers, the sensitisation is clinically important. The spores of Alternaria alternata are responsible for the development and persistence of nonspecific airway hyperresponsiveness and in a group of patients also for a difficult-to-treat asthma in the summer. We should always bear in mind that prolonged symptoms (after end of June) in grass pollen allergic patients might be caused by additional sensitisation to Alternaria alternata spores or mugwort pollen. In our patients, we were able to show a sensitisation to Alternaria alternata in grass pollen allergic patients rather frequently. In the summertime, high counts of Alternaria spores and pollen often appear simultaneously. Our findings show a considerable effect of Alternaria sensitisation on the asthma morbidity and exacerbations. In this article we refer to the necessity of keeping a patient diary of allergic symptoms and the importance of information from regional pollen traps about the counts of pollen and Alternaria spores. Only then we will be able to differentiate, which allergen is responsible for the severe hay fever, especially in patients with severe asthma episodes. Before the start of a specific immunotherapy with Alternaria alternata it is recommended to perform a mucosal provocation test, to prove the clinical significance of the sensitisation. It has been shown that also in Germany, there are high counts of Alternaria spores in the summer. The results of the pollen and alternaria count in the year 2009, measured in the regional pollen trap (Treuenbrietzen), are shown in Abb.âŠ1, 2, 3, 4, 5. We have also found broken Alternaria spores. They are associated with increased asthma exacerbations and appear often during thunderstorms and harvesting. An allergen-specific immunotherapy with Alternaria alternata is a safe treatment and it is effective in improving respiratory function. The safety and efficacy is comparable to the one found in the allergen-specific immunotherapy with pollen.
TGFβ1 mimetic peptide modulates immune response to grass pollen allergens in mice; Background: Transforming growth factor β1 (TGFβ1) is a cytokine that exerts immunosuppressive functions, as reflected by its ability to induce regulatory T (Treg) cell differentiation and inhibit Th1 and Th2 responses. Hence, peptides that mimic the active core domain of TGFβ1 may be promising candidates for modulation of the allergic response. This study aimed to investigate a synthetic TGFβ1 mimetic peptide (TGFβ1-mim) for its ability to modulate the immune response during allergic sensitization to grass pollen allergens. Methods: The in vitro action of TGFβ1-mim was evaluated in human lung epithelial cells, Jurkat cells, and rat basophilic leukemia cells. The in vivo action was evaluated in a murine model of Phl p 5 allergic sensitization. Additionally, the Th2 modulatory response was evaluated in IL-4 reporter mice. Results: In vitro, TGFβ1-mim downregulated TNF-α production, IL-8 gene expression, and cytokine secretion, upregulated IL-10 secretion, and inhibited Phl p 5-induced basophil degranulation. During Phl p 5 sensitization in mice, TGFβ1-mim downregulated IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, and IFN-γ, upregulated IL-10, and induced Treg cell production. Furthermore, mice treated with TGFβ1-mim had lower levels of IgE, IgG1, IgG2a and higher levels of IgA antibodies than control mice. In a reporter mouse, the mimetic inhibited Th2 polarization. Conclusion: The TGFβ1-mim efficiently modulated various important events that exacerbate the allergic microenvironment, including the production of main cytokines that promote Th1 and Th2 differentiation, and the induction of allergen-specific regulatory T cells, highlighting its potential use in therapeutic approaches to modulate the immune response toward environmental allergens.
Safety of Timothy Grass Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablet in Children: Pooled Analyses of Clinical Trials; Background: Timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets are indicated for children with allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis. Objective: To use pooled analyses to assess the short- and long-term tolerability and safety of timothy grass SLIT-tablet in children. Methods: Data from 9 double-blinded, randomized European or North American trials that included children with allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis treated up to 3 years with once-daily timothy grass SLIT-tablet or placebo were pooled. Results: In all, 1818 (timothy grass SLIT-tablet, n = 923
The Cost-Effectiveness of Allergen Immunotherapy Compared with Pharmacotherapy for Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis and Asthma; This article evaluates the cost-effectiveness of allergy immunotherapy (AIT) in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, asthma, and other allergic conditions. An extensive search of the PubMed and Medline databases (up to December 2018) was conducted. There is strong evidence in the collective literature, which included individual studies and systematic reviews, that AIT is cost-effective in the management of allergic rhinitis and asthma as compared with standard drug treatment alone. The magnitude of AIT's cost-effectiveness is likely underestimated because most of the studies considered during-treatment costs and not the long-term benefits or preventive or prophylactic effects of AIT.
Persistence of the clinical effect of grass allergen peptide immunotherapy after the second and third grass pollen seasons; Background: Grass allergen peptides are in development for the treatment of grass pollen–induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. A previous randomized, placebo-controlled study demonstrated that grass allergen peptides significantly improved total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores (TRSSs) after posttreatment challenge (PTC) to rye grass in an environmental exposure unit after 1 intervening grass pollen season (GPS1). Objective: We sought to evaluate the efficacy/safety of 4 dosing regimens of grass allergen peptides after a second (GPS2) and third (GPS3) intervening GPS in the environmental exposure unit. Methods: Eligible subjects who were randomized in the parent study (GPS1) during the first year of recruitment were invited to participate in GPS2 and GPS3, which took place 1 and 2 years after treatment cessation, respectively. Participants were not treated further, and both participants and study personnel remained blinded. The primary efficacy end point was the change in mean TRSS (reported every 30 minutes) from GPS1 baseline to the follow-up PTC calculated across all time points over days 2 to 4 for GPS2 and across hours 1 to 3 over days 2 to 4 for GPS3. Secondary efficacy end points and safety were also assessed. Results: One hundred twenty-two and 85 participants were enrolled in GPS2 and GPS3, respectively. A numerically greater, but not statistically significant improvement from baseline in mean TRSS at PTC was observed in the group receiving one 6-nmol intradermal injection every 2 weeks for 14 weeks group compared with the placebo at GPS2 (−6.0 vs −3.6, P =.0535) and GPS3 (−6.2 vs −3.6, P =.1128). Similar findings were observed for the group receiving one 6-nmol intradermal injection every 2 weeks for 14 weeks at GPS3 (−6.4 vs −3.6, P =.0759). No adverse safety signals were detected. Conclusion: Treatment with grass allergen peptides led to an improvement in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms after 3 intervening GPSs, corresponding to up to 2 years off treatment.
5-Grass-Pollen SLIT Effectiveness In Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis: Impact Of Sensitization To Subtropical Grass Pollen; Rationale: Temperate grass (e.g. ryegrass) pollen is a major driver of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) and asthma risks, including thunderstorm asthma. Patients in this high-risk population are frequently poly-sensitized to subtropical grass pollens. Whether this affects their response to temperate grass pollen allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is unknown. We determined the impact of sensitization to subtropical grass pollen upon effectiveness of 5-grass pollen SLIT tablets in SAR. Methods: Observational study of 63 Australian patients (≥ 5 years) prescribed 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet for SAR. Primary objective (patient treatment satisfaction) was met in a large majority. In a pre-specified subgroup analysis, we assessed the impact of poly-sensitization to subtropical grass pollen upon intensity of rhino-conjunctivitis symptoms during AIT over three consecutive pollen seasons. Results: 93.2% had ryegrass pollen allergy. 74.6% (n = 47) were ‘poly-sensitized’ to subtropical and temperate grass pollen. 23.8% (n = 15) were ‘mono-sensitized’ to temperate grass pollen. From the first pollen season, both groups showed considerable total symptom score improvements, sustained during the second and third pollen season (reaching 70-85% improvement
Allergenicity and Safety Profile of Depigmented-Polymerized Phleum pratense Extract for Use in Allergen-Specific Immunotherapy Treatments; Rationale: Allergen extracts exposed to chemical modification (allergoids) are known to have reduced capacity to crosslink IgE receptors on the surface of basophils and mast cells, providing a better safety approach for use in allergen immunotherapy. We hypothesized that allergoids derived by depigmentation-polymerization have reduced allergenicity profile. Methods: Whole blood was collected from 16 grass pollen allergics (SAR) and 6 non-atopic controls (NAC). The allergenicity of Phleum pretense (Phlp) extract, depigmented Phlp extract and depigmented-polymerized allergoid of Phlp (DPG-POL) were measured by their ability to elicit basophil activation and histamine release using flow cytometry. Moreover, their ability to form allergen-IgE complexes and binding to CD23 receptors on the surface B cells was also investigated using IgE-facilitated allergen binding (FAB) assay. Results: Unmodified Phlp extract elicited a dose-dependent increase in basophil responsiveness as illustrated by CD63+CRTh2+ (EC50=10.37 ± 4.48 ng/mL), CD203cbrightCRTh2+ (EC50=5.87 ± 2.21 ng/mL), DAO-CD63+CRTh2+ (EC50=25.16 ± 10.86 ng/mL) and DAO-CD203cbrightCRTh2+ (EC50=24.42 ± 10.31 ng/mL) in SAR, but not NAC. A similar dose-response was observed in response to depigmented extract stimulation. DPG-POL demonstrated hypo-allergenic profile when compared to unmodified Phlp extract (31.54-fold, CD63+CRTh2+
Nasal Allergen Neutralizing Antibodies Correlate Closely with Tolerated Intranasal Allergen Challenge Dose Following Grass Pollen Subcutaneous Immunotherapy in Patients with Local Allergic Rhinitis; Rationale: Local Allergic Rhinitis (LAR), a novel phenotype of rhinitis, is characterized by positive nasal allergen challenge (NAC) and nasal IgE, but negative skin prick test and serum sIgE. We hypothesized that grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), which is effective in treating LAR, can induce nasal antibodies with inhibitory capacity that correlates with levels of allergen tolerated following NAC. Methods: A RDBPC study of grass pollen SCIT was performed, with participants receiving placebo or SCIT for 6 months, followed by discontinuation for 6 months. At 12 months, all participants received SCIT for another 12 months. Nasal and serum IgG4 levels were measured by ImmunoCAP, ELISA and IgE-FAB assay at baseline, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months. Results: Levels of grass allergen concentration tolerated were significantly higher at 12 months compared to baseline in SCIT receiving 6 months of treatment(P<.05). In the placebo, significant increase was seen only at 24 months, following active treatment(P<.05). Levels of Phlp1- and Phlp5-sIgG4 were increased at 18 and 24 months following SCIT(all,P<.05) but not placebo following active treatment. Nasal antibody inhibitory activity increased following SCIT- but not placebo treatment at 6 months. No inhibition was observed in serum. Nasal antibody inhibitory activity correlated with level of allergen tolerated dose following NAC(r=-0.47,P=.01). Conclusions: We have shown that functional local blocking antibodies in the nasal mucosa, but not systemically, are induced following grass pollen SCIT, which correlated with tolerated allergen dose, underlining their potential as a biomarker for AIT in LAR.
Sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen rhinitis in children: 3-year follow-up in a cohort in Southern Italy; Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a global health problem crucially affecting quality of life. ITS is currently recognized as an effective treatment of AR and it modifies its natural history. We report our experience in order to evaluate the clinical features of patients treated with grass pollen ITS (Grazax® and Oralair®) and the reduction of medication dispensing. From 2015 to 2018, 59 children affected by AR (37 M, 22 F) have been prescribed with ITS, 28 with Grazax® (16M, 12F) and 31 with Oralair® (21M, 10F). Patients underwent to SPT and/or sIgE dosage. Several patients reported comorbidities (18 asthma, 12 AD, 1 urticaria), 34 were polysensitized and 13 were prescribed with additional ITS (8 Df and Dp, 3 O.europea, 2 P.judaica). At reevaluation, performed on 38/59 patients, prevalence of sneezing (86.8% vs 7.9%), similarly to rhinorrea (57.9% vs 23.7%), nose itching (55.3% vs 28.9%) and nasal obstruction (86.8% vs 26.3%) has decreased. Prescription of systemic antihistamines has decreased (86.8% vs 7.9%), as prescription of nasal antihistamines (42.1% vs 18.4%) and nasal steroids (81.6% vs 60.5%). 7/28 Grazax® and 8/31 Oralair® patients intentionally dropped off. Notably, 2/28 Grazax® patients reported labial edema with respiratory distress and dysphagia. ITS represents the only disease-modifying therapy for AR. Sublingual tablets were well tolerated and have improved AR symptoms. Reduction of medication dispensing was observed especially for systemic and nasal antihistamines. A wider cohort will help to evaluate efficacy and to confirm these preliminary findings.
Improvement in nasal reactivity after two years of grass pollen SLIT treatment in children with allergic rhinitis; Background: The European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) guidelines recommend immunotherapy (AIT) as the only treatment capable to obtain long-term clinical benefits, trying to modify the natural history of allergic diseases. In particular, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) offers the possibility of home administration, improving patient comfort and compliance. The primary outcome of this study is to evaluate the change in nasal reactivity after treatment with AIT in children allergic to grass pollen. Methods: In a period between September 2016 and June 2018, an observational monocentric prospective study was conducted in the Allergy Service of the Pediatric Department of Policlinico Umberto I "Sapienza" Rome. A group of 30 children (aged between 6 and 12 years old) with a persistent allergic rhinitis (PAR) sensitized to grass pollen, were enrolled and divided into the following groups:-treated group (TG): 15 children, that received oral immunotherapy for grass pollen SULGEN® (Roxall, Italy) perlingual spray-non treated group (nTG): 15 children that continued the standard therapy. All children performed 3 visits in total: V0 (September 2016), V1 (June 2017), and V2 (June 2018), during which they performed the dosage of the specific IgE in nasal lavage (Phl p1, Phl p5, Phl p7, Phl p12), the active anterior rinomanometry (AAR) with the evaluation of the mean nasal flow (mNF) and a specific nasal provocation test (NPTs) for grass pollen. Results: In the nTG we found:-a reduced mNF in V2 vs V0
A quality-of-life mapping function developed from a grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy trial to a tree pollen sublingual immunotherapy trial; Aims: Allergic rhinitis is caused by sensitivity to environmental allergens that can significantly impact quality-of-life. The objective of this analysis was to estimate health state utilities and quality-adjusted life days (QALDs) for a tree allergy immunotherapy trial, TT-04 (EudraCT No.2015-004821-15). Health-state utilities are a measure of patient preference for health states and are necessary to derive QALDs for cost-utility analysis. Preference-based utilities were not collected in the TT-04 trial, so a mapping algorithm was developed based on a similar grass allergy immunotherapy trial, GT-08 (EudraCT No. 2004-000083-27), to estimate utilities. Methods: A two-part model was developed to predict utilities for the GT-08 trial and applied to the TT-04 trial to estimate the difference in mean utility and QALDs between SQ tree sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet and placebo. Results: Mean utility difference between SQ tree SLIT-tablet and placebo was 0.030 [95% CI = 0.015–0.046] during the birch pollen season (BPS), 0.019 [95% CI = 0.007–0.030] during the tree pollen season (TPS) and 0.018 [95% CI = 0.007–0.030] during the full trial. The treatment showed a QALD benefit of 1.26 [95% CI = 0.619–1.917] during the BPS, 1.90 [95% CI = 0.692–3.047] during the TPS, and 2.47 [95% CI = 0.930–4.101] during the full trial. Limitations: The generalizability of this algorithm is limited to allergy trials containing the same covariates as those present in the model. The analysis also assumes that grass and tree pollen allergy have the same relationship with EQ5D utilities, which is supported by the fact that both grass and tree pollen induce similar symptoms. Conclusions: Application of the mapping function enabled the calculation of QALDs associated with the treatment, with the caveat that data were extrapolated from grass seasonal allergy to tree seasonal allergy. The results showed a significant QALD benefit of the treatment over placebo in treatment of tree pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis.
Cinnamon extract inhibits allergen-specific immune responses in human and murine allergy models; Background: Ceylon cinnamon has been shown to possess anti-inflammatory properties in many diseases including allergic inflammation. Objective: The aim of this study was to analyse in more detail the effects of cinnamon extract (CE) and its major compounds p-cymene and trans-cinnamaldehyde (CA) on allergen-specific immune responses in vitro and in vivo. Methods: Therefore, monocyte-derived mature dendritic cells (DC) from grass or birch pollen allergic donors were pulsed with the respective allergen in the presence or absence of CE, p-cymene, CA or the solvent ethanol and co-cultured with autologous CD4+ T cells. Furthermore, basophil activation test was performed with or without CE or ethanol treatment. For the in vivo experiments, BALB/c mice were immunized with ovalbumin (OVA) and orally treated with CE or ethanol. Results: Addition of CE, p-cymene or CA, but not ethanol significantly inhibited DC maturation and subsequent allergen-specific T cell proliferation as well as Th1 and Th2 cytokine production. Sulphidoleukotriene release and CD63 expression by basophils were also significantly diminished after addition of CE. In vivo, treatment of OVA-sensitized mice with CE led to a significant shift from OVA-specific IgE towards IgG2a production and to a strong inhibition of OVA-specific proliferation. Moreover, airway inflammation as well as anaphylaxis after intranasal or systemic allergen challenge was significantly reduced in CE-treated mice. Furthermore, topical application of CE prevented calcipotriol-induced atopic dermatitis-like inflammation in these mice. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance: Taken together, our data indicate that the anti-inflammatory effect of cinnamon might be exploited for treatment of allergic inflammation, which needs to be further investigated.
Real-world adherence and evidence of subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy in grass and tree pollen-induced allergic rhinitis and asthma; Purpose: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT), when continued for 3 years, is the only diseasemodifying treatment for AR and asthma. Adherence is a key to ensure effectiveness, and poor adherence is a contraindication for AIT. The objective of this study was to evaluate realworld adherence to AIT with subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) preparations in patients allergic to grass or tree pollen. The impact of AIT on the consumption of asthma and rhinitis medication was also analyzed. Patients and Methods: In this retrospective cohort analysis of a German longitudinal prescription database, the adherence of a grass and tree pollen allergoid was examined and compared to two sublingual AIT tablets/drops. Patients receiving grass or tree allergen-specific immunotherapy prescriptions were compared with non-AIT patients receiving symptomatic allergic rhinitis (AR) and asthma prescriptions. The study endpoints included therapy adherence, AR progression, and asthma progression. Multivariate regression analyses were used to estimate the effects of SCIT or SLIT, adjusting for variables related to demographics and prescriptions. Results: SCIT adherence was 60.1-61.8% at 2 years and 35.0-37.5% at 3 years for the two allergens. SLIT adherence was distinctly lower (29.5-36.5% and 9.6-18.2%, respectively). Adherence in children was higher compared to adolescents or adults. All products were highly efficacious at reducing symptomatic AR medication consumption. SCIT also reduced asthma medication use for both allergens, whereas for SLIT these results were significant only for grasses but not trees. Conclusion: Subcutaneous AIT in a real-world setting achieved significantly higher adherence rates compared to sublingual administration. SCIT reduced the use of rhinitis and asthma medication significantly for both allergens, while SLIT reduced the use of rhinitis medication for both allergens and the use of asthma medication for grasses only.
The role of allergoids in allergen immunotherapy: From injective to sublingual route; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is aimed at inducing tolerance to allergens, such as pollens, dust mites or moulds, by administering increasing amounts of the causative allergen through subcutaneous or sublingual route. The evidence of efficacy of AIT is high, but the issue of safety, especially for the subcutaneous route, must be taken into account. The search for safer AIT products aimed at reducing the allergenicity, and thus adverse reactions, while maintaining the immunogenicity, that is essential for effectiveness, gave rise to the introduction of allergoids, which were conceived to fulfill these requirements. In the first allergoids glutaraldehyde or formaldehyde were used as cross-linking agent to polymerize allergens, this resulting in high molecular weight molecules (200,000 to 20,000,000 daltons) which were significantly less allergenic due to a decreased capacity to bridge IgE on its specific receptor, while maintaining the immunogenicity and thus the therapeutic efficacy. In recent years further agents, acting as ad-juvants, were added to polymerized extracts. Moreover, a carbamylated monomeric allergoid was developed and, once adsorbed on calcium phosphate matrix, used by subcutaneous route. At the same time, in virtue of its peculiarities, such allergoid revealed particularly suitable for sublingual administration. A lot of clinical evidences show that it is well tolerated, largely safer and effective. Importantly, the higher safety of allergoids allows faster treatment schedules that favor patient compliance and, according to pharmaco-economic studies, they might be more cost-effective than other AIT options.
Protein cross-reactivity and blood cancer; Atopy is a medical term for many allergies. When a person has many allergies, a diverse number of immunoglobulin-e antibodies eliminate harmless exogenous-proteins referred to as allergens. The immunoglobulin-e antibodies formed through humoral immunity can bind to endogenous proteins based on structure homology, a cross-react immune response. An over-expression of endogenous proteins is associated with aggressive blood cancer, including leukemia, lymphoma, and myeloma. Cancer immunotherapies seek to stop or inhibit the growth of blood cancer cells. This review proposes cancer immunotherapy involving allergen-specific proteins wherein a hyper-allergenic skin cream induces immunoglobulin-e antibodies that may cross-react with over-expressed proteins associated with acute myeloid leukemia.
Long-term effects of allergen sublingual immunotherapy; Introduction: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is a crucial therapy for allergic rhinitis. However, the long-term effectiveness of AIT remains to be explored. Aim: To evaluate clinical and immunological long-term effects of sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) for common inhalant allergens in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis. Material and methods: This trial was a prospective follow-up observation of patients with allergic rhinitis who completed SLIT for grass pollen or house dust mites (HDM). After 3 years of SLIT, 115 patients were compared to a placebo group during an additional 5 years of observation. The combined symptom medication score (SMS), quality of life and concentration of IgG4 for Phleum pratense or Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus were monitored during the study. Results: Five years after SLIT was discontinued, a significant clinical effect based on SMS was still observed compared with the baseline, just after SLIT and 5 years later as follows: 7.53 ±2.09 vs. 2.45 ±0.72 vs. 3.09 ±1.07 (p < 0.05) for HDM and 8.19 ±2.41 vs. 3.05 ±1.62 vs. 4.47 ±2.31 (p < 0.05) for grass pollen. Quality of life based on the Rhino-conjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire was significantly improved in patients who received SLIT and remained at a good level after 5 years of observation. During the 5 years of observation after SLIT, there were no significant changes between specific IgG4 levels and the analysed allergens compared to results just after SLIT. Conclusions: The positive effect obtained after SLIT for grass pollen or house dust mites was sustained for a long period after AIT.
Accelerated Dose Escalation with Three Injections of an Aluminum Hydroxide-Adsorbed Allergoid Preparation of Six Grasses Is Safe for Patients with Moderate to Severe Allergic Rhinitis; Only few data on safety during high-dose, accelerated escalation schedules during subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (AIT) are available. The aim of this study was to assess the safety and tolerability of an accelerated dose escalation schedule of AIT in adult patients with moderate to severe seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis in a multicenter, open-label, randomized phase II trial. The dose escalation scheme for patients in Group I (1 strength) included 3 injections with 1 strength, B (10,000 TU/mL), whereas the dose escalation scheme for Group II (standard) included 7 injections with 2 strengths, A (1,000 TU/mL) and B (10,000 TU/mL), of an aluminum hydroxide-adsorbed allergoid grass pollen preparation. Overall, 72 of 87 randomized patients (83.7%) reported at least 1 treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE
Responders and nonresponders to pharmacotherapy and allergen immunotherapy; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a very useful therapy for allergic rhinitis. However, some patients do not achieve the expected results. The aim of the study was to investigate the potential factors that could affect the result, either good or poor, from AIT. Methods: A retrospective analysis of 1624 patients with allergic rhinitis who underwent AIT and 1519 matched patients who underwent only symptomatic therapy (without AIT) was performed. Symptoms, medications scores and quality of life related to allergic diseases before and after therapy were recorded. Cluster analysis on all of the patients was performed to find any associations between responsiveness to therapy and the analyzed parameters. Responsiveness to therapy was assessed by the Mailing criteria. Results: A total of 1266 (77.8%) patients from the AIT group met the criterion of 30% or greater improvement, and 1061 (65.2%) of these patients met the threshold of 60% or greater improvement according to the Mailing criteria. Patients who had a frequently better response to AIT were highly represented in the two clusters. There were subjects with a short history of allergic rhinitis and concomitant allergy to grass pollen or house dust mites. Patients with a prolonged duration of allergic rhinitis before therapy and with polysensitization were more frequently worse responders to AIT. Conclusion: Responsiveness to therapy, including that to AIT, is difficult to assess. However, there were associations suggesting that short-term allergic rhinitis and monovalent allergies to grass pollen or mites could correspond to a better response to AIT.
Identification and functional characterization of the transcription factor NF-κB subunit p65 in common carp (Cyprinus carpio L.); p65 is an important subunit of the transcription factor NF-κB in the regulation of immune response. In the present study, the p65 cDNA was identified from common carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) (named Ccp65). Phylogenetic analysis revealed that Ccp65 located in the same clade as piscine p65 and exhibited closest relationship to that of Ctenopharyngodon idella. Ccp65 was constitutively expressed in all the examined tissues. Aeromonas hydrophila and poly(I:C) can induce the expression of Ccp65 in the designated tissues and the Ccp65 expression was up-regulated in HKLs following LPS and poly(I:C) stimulation. In addition, the nuclear localization signal (NLS) and C-terminal domain are the important elements of Ccp65. Immunofluorescence assay revealed that the nuclear localization signal deletion mutation of Ccp65 (Ccp65ΔNLS) failed to translocate to the nucleus even though stimulation with poly(I:C) or LPS, and the C-terminal domain deletion mutation of Ccp65 (Ccp65ΔC) did not up-regulate the luciferase activity. Furthermore, Ccp65 can induce the expression of il-1β and tnf-α. And LPS and poly(I:C) inducing the expression of il-1β and tnf-α, is dependent on the Ccp65. Taken altogether, these findings lay the foundations for future research to investigate the mechanisms underlying fish p65.
Two years of treatment with the recombinant grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32 induces a continuously increasing allergen-specific IgG4 response; Background: BM32, a grass pollen allergy vaccine containing four recombinant fusion proteins consisting of hepatitis B-derived PreS and hypoallergenic peptides from the major timothy grass pollen allergens adsorbed on aluminium hydroxide has been shown to be safe and to improve clinical symptoms of grass pollen allergy upon allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT). We have investigated the immune responses in patients from a two years double-blind, placebo-controlled AIT field trial with BM32. Methods: Blood samples from patients treated with BM32 (n = 27) or placebo (Aluminium hydroxide) (n = 13) were obtained to study the effects of vaccination and natural allergen exposure on allergen-specific antibody, T cell and cytokine responses. Allergen-specific IgE, IgG, IgG1 and IgG4 levels were determined by ImmunoCAP and ELISA, respectively. Allergen-specific lymphocyte proliferation by 3H thymidine incorporation and multiple cytokine responses with a human 17-plex cytokine assay were studied in cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Findings: Two years AIT comprising two courses of 3 pre-seasonal injections of BM32 and a single booster after the first pollen season induced a continuously increasing (year 2 > year 1) allergen-specific IgG4 response without boosting allergen-specific IgE responses. Specific IgG4 responses were accompanied by low stimulation of allergen-specific PBMC responses. Increases of allergen-specific pro-inflammatory cytokine responses were absent. The rise of allergen-specific IgE induced by seasonal grass pollen exposure was partially blunted in BM32-treated patients. Interpretation: AIT with BM32 is characterised by the induction of a non-inflammatory, continuously increasing allergen-specific IgG4 response (year 2 > year1) which may explain that clinical efficacy was higher in year 2 than in year 1. The good safety profile of BM32 may be explained by lack of IgE reactivity and low stimulation of allergen-specific T cell and cytokine responses. Fundings: Grants F4605, F4613 and DK 1248-B13 of the Austrian Science Fund (FWF).
A real-life study of the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy against weed allergies in the Serbian population; Introduction: In the Serbian population allergy to weed pollen is the most common type of pollen-associated allergy, ahead of grass and tree pollens. Besides causing discomfort, allergy to pollen is often associated with rhinitis and asthma. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASIT) is the only treatment that can lead to potential long-term immune modification while reducing development of new sensitization and halting disease progression. The aim of the present study is to evaluate the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) to weeds in the adult patient population using vaccine produced by the local Serbian Torlak Institute for virology, vaccines and serum. Methods: Adult patients with a clinical history of allergic rhinitis with and without asthma were included in the study. IgE-mediated sensitization to grass, tree and weed pollens was confirmed by skin prick testing and/or positive specific IgE. Patients were divided into two groups: patients with allergy to tree and grass pollen and patients with allergy to weeds. All patients received SLIT for three years, either with or without additional symptomatic therapy. Results: Three-year SLIT therapy led to significant improvement in several parameters, including skin-prick reactivity, decrease in specific IgE and use of symptomatic therapy, with mild adverse effects and high patient satisfaction concerning therapy. Conclusion: Three-year SLIT is a safe and efficient treatment option for respiratory allergy to weeds. Further observations in a larger number of patients could provide a better epidemiological evaluation of SLIT, but the positive effects we observed in our study may be considered representative despite the small number of patients.
ANAPHYLAXIS TO GRASS POLLEN SUBLINGUAL IMMUNOTHERAPY IN A PEDIATRIC PATIENT; Introduction: Allergen immunotherapy, an effective treatment for allergic rhinitis, can be administered via subcutaneous or sublingual methods. Overall, sublingual immunotherapy has an improved safety profile with mostly local reactions, however, there is still a risk of systemic reactions. We report a case of systemic reaction to timothy grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy in a pediatric patient. Case Description: A 14 year old girl was referred for the treatment of allergic rhinitis. Seasonal symptoms (late spring) occurred since early childhood and included nasal congestion, nasal drainage, and sneezing. She still had symptoms despite the use of fluticasone/azelastine nasal spray, levocetirizine, and montelukast. Allergy skin prick testing was positive to timothy grass pollen. Through discussion with parent, it was decided for patient to start sublingual immunotherapy due to logistical convenience. She was given first dose of timothy grass pollen tablet (2,800 BAU) per manufacturer’s protocol. Within 5 minutes of dose, she started to complain of a pruritic tongue which progressed rapidly to throat tightness. On exam, she had significant airway edema. A systemic reaction to sublingual immunotherapy was diagnosed, and she was given 0.3 mg (1:000) epinephrine intramuscularly first and then oral corticosteroids and diphenhydramine. She was discharged home after 45 minutes with complete resolution of symptoms. She was continued on medical management. Discussion: Patient had a World Allergy Organization grade 3 systemic reaction to sublingual allergen immunotherapy. Despite the better reported safety profile compared to subcutaneous immunotherapy, the clinician should be attentive to the risk of systemic reactions, with self-administered autoinjectable epinephrine available for patients.
ALLERGEN IMMUNOTHERAPY FOR EOSINOPHILIC ESOPHAGITIS EXACERBATED DURING POLLEN SEASONS: A CASE REPORT; Introduction: Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) exacerbated during pollen seasons is extremely rare. Although unproven, there is concern that allergen immunotherapy could aggravate or even cause EoE. For patients with EoE aggravated during pollen seasons, the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is unknown. Case Description: A14-year-old boy presented with seasonal asthma and seasonal allergic rhinitis since early childhood. At 2 years, he developed chronic reflux symptoms 2-3 time per weekend after age 8, dyspepsia and upper abdominal pain with eating. Gastrointestinal symptoms increased concurrent with seasonal allergic rhinitis symptoms during tree, grass and ragweed pollen seasons. Prick skin tests were positive for trees, grasses, weeds and house dust mite. EoE was diagnosed on EGD, but he failed to respond to inhaled oral fluticasone and oral budesonide. Elimination diets attempted at ages 9 and 11, respectively, showed no sustained improvement in symptoms and continued weight loss. Four months after starting cluster SCIT and achieving maintenance, both seasonal rhinitis and EoE symptoms improved. After 9 months of SCIT, the frequency of abdominal pain decreased from daily to once every 2 to 3 weeks and upper abdominal pain associated with reflux symptoms decreased to less than once a month. Despite symptom improvement, repeat upper endoscopy did not show histologic improvement. Discussion: This is the first reported case of seasonally exacerbated EoE responsive to SCIT.
MONOPHOSPHORYL LIPID A USED AS AN ADJUVANT IN SUBCUTANEOUS IMMUNOTHERAPY FURTHER INCREASES ALLERGEN SPECIFIC IGG/IGG4; Introduction: Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL) is a Toll like receptor 4 agonist (TLR4), being a non-toxic derivative of Lipid A from lipopolysaccharide. MPL as an adjuvant in allergen immunotherapy modulates the immune response from a Th2 to a Th1 type. To evaluate the benefit of MPL as an adjuvant, four clinical studies were conducted wherein a head-to-head comparison could be made with and without addition of MPL in modified allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) products using modified allergen tyrosine adsorbate (MATA) products for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). Methods: Either allergen Specific IgG or IgG4 was pre-specified as primary and/or secondary endpoint and measured within 1-4 weeks after last injection in 2 double-blind and 2 single-blind randomized studies using modified allergen SCIT products for grass, ragweed and tree), each with MATA with or without MPL. Results: Altogether 311 patients were included. All 4 studies showed consistently higher allergen specific IgG or IgG4 increases after addition of MPL, with maximum IgG/IgG4 increases ranging between 79-451%. Conclusion: These 4 clinical trials having head-to-head comparison with and without addition of MPL consistently showed greater increases in allergen specific IgG/IgG4 when MPL is employed. Production of allergen specific IgG during immunotherapy allows binding free allergen and inhibits IgE-dependent facilitated antigen binding by B regulatory cells. Strategies which enhance allergen specific IgG levels should enhance successful immunotherapy. These results provide strong immunologic support for the value of MPL as an adjuvant system in modified allergen SCIT products with MATA for the treatment of ARC.
Strong dose response after immunotherapy with PQ grass using conjunctival provocation testing; Background: Pollinex Quattro Grass (PQ Grass) is an effective, well-tolerated, short pre-seasonal subcutaneous immunotherapy to treat seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR) due to grass pollen. In this Phase II study, 4 cumulative doses of PQ Grass and placebo were evaluated to determine its optimal cumulative dose. Methods: Patients with grass pollen-induced SAR were randomised to either a cumulative dose of PQ Grass (5100, 14400, 27600 and 35600 SU) or placebo, administered as 6 weekly subcutaneous injections over 31–41 days (EudraCT number 2017-000333-31). Standardized conjunctival provocation tests (CPT) using grass pollen allergen extract were performed at screening, baseline and post-treatment to determine the total symptom score (TSS) assessed approximately 4 weeks after dosing. Three models were pre-defined (Emax, logistic, and linear in log-dose model) to evaluate a dose response relationship. Results: In total, 95.5% of the 447 randomized patients received all 6 injections. A highly statistically significant (p < 0.0001), monotonic dose response was observed for all three pre-specified models. All treatment groups showed a statistically significant decrease from baseline in TSS compared to placebo, with the largest decrease observed after 27600 SU (p < 0.0001). The full course of 6 injections was completed by 95.5% of patients. Treatment-emergent adverse events were similar across PQ Grass groups, and mostly mild and transient in nature. Conclusions: PQ Grass demonstrated a strong curvilinear dose response in TSS following CPT without compromising its safety profile.
Pollen exposure at birth and adolescent lung function, and modification by residential greenness; Background: Exposure to high levels of pollen in infancy is a risk factor for allergic respiratory diseases in later childhood, but effects on lung function are not fully understood. We aim to examine associations between grass pollen exposure in the first months of life and lung function at 12 and 18 years, and explore potential modification. Methods: Using the Melbourne Atopy Cohort Study, a birth cohort of children with a family history of allergic diseases, we modeled the association between cumulative grass pollen exposure up to 3 months after birth, on FEV1, FVC, and FEV1/FVC ratio at 12 and 18 years. We also assessed modifying effects of residential greenness levels (derived from satellite imagery), asthma, and early life sensitization to ryegrass. Results: Grass pollen exposure in the first 7 days was associated with a reduction in FEV1(−15.5 mL
New toxicity testing of PQ grass allergy immunotherapy to support product development; PQ Grass represents an allergen-specific immunotherapy for pre-seasonal treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis (or rhinoconjunctivitis) with or without mild-to-moderate bronchial asthma. It consists of a native pollen extract for 13 grass species, chemically modified with glutaraldehyde, and adsorbed to l-tyrosine in a microcrystalline form with addition of the adjuvant Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL®). Previous non-clinical safety testing, including rat repeat dose toxicity in adult and juvenile animals, rat reproductive toxicity and rabbit local tolerance studies showed no safety findings of concern. A new Good Laboratory Practice compliant rat subcutaneous repeat dose toxicity study to evaluate a higher clinical dose and modified posology (once every 2 weeks for 13 weeks) showed no signs of toxicity. As seen in previous studies, relatively minor, immunostimulatory effects were seen such as reversible increased white cell count (notably neutrophils), increased globulin level (resulting in decreased A/G ratio) and increased fibrinogen as well as minor dose site reaction in the form of inflammatory cell infiltrate. These findings are likely due to the immunostimulatory nature of MPL and/or the presence of l-tyrosine within the adjuvanted vaccine. This new toxicity study with PQ Grass therefore supports longer posology with higher dose levels.
Immunotherapy with the preS-based grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32 induces hepatitis Bspecific protective antibody responses: Kinetics and epitope specificity of antibody responses; There are several unsolved issues in the management of hepatitis B infection (HBV). Approx. 10% of vaccinees are non-responsive to HBsAg-containing vaccines, and therapeutic vaccines for the treatment of chronic infection are not available. Conventional HBV vaccines are based mainly on HBsAg, although the other surface protein preS has been shown to be crucial for the virus' entry into hepatocytes via NTCP. We recently found that immunotherapy with the preS-containing recombinant grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32 induced antibodies which inhibit HBV infection in vitro. To further investigate the vaccine's anti-HBV potential, we produced preS and three preS-derived peptides: peptide A, comprising the epitope, involved in liver cell attachment
Immunologic mechanisms of a short-course of Lolium perenne peptide immunotherapy: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: A 3-week short-course of adjuvant-free hydrolysates of Lolium perenne peptide (LPP) immunotherapy for rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma over 4 physician visits is safe, well tolerated, and effective. Objective: We sought to investigate immunologic mechanisms of LPP immunotherapy in a subset of patients who participated in a phase III, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (clinical.gov NCT02560948). Methods: Participants were randomized to receive LPP (n = 21) or placebo (n = 11) for 3 weeks over 4 visits. Grass pollen–induced basophil, T-cell, and B-cell responses were evaluated before treatment (visit [V] 2), at the end of treatment (V6), and after the pollen season (V8). Results: Combined symptom and rescue medication scores (CSMS) were lower during the peak pollen season (−35.1%, P =.03) and throughout the pollen season (−53.7%, P =.03) in the LPP-treated group compared with those in the placebo-treated group. Proportions of CD63+ and CD203cbrightCRTH2+ basophils were decreased following LPP treatment at V6 (10 ng/mL, P <.0001) and V8 (10 ng/mL, P <.001) compared to V2. No change in the placebo-treated group was observed. Blunting of seasonal increases in levels of grass pollen–specific IgE was observed in LPP-treated but not placebo-treated group. LPP immunotherapy, but not placebo, was associated with a reduction in proportions of IL-4+ TH2 (V6, P =.02), IL-4+ (V6, P =.003
Coadministration of Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets and Management of Potential Adverse Effects: Austrian, German, and Swiss Expert Recommendations; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is currently available as liquid drops and tablets for treatment of allergic patients. Because several allergens are available and many patients are polyallergic, it is possible to treat patients with multiple clinically relevant allergies by >1 SLIT product. Austrian, German, and Swiss medical experts discussed the available data on allergen uptake at the oral mucosa and recently published data on coadministration of a grass and a ragweed tablet. The experts agreed on a schedule considering data from a North American trial on sequential administration of 2 SLIT-tablets with different allergens and their own experiences made during initiation of treatment with >1 SLIT-tablet in their clinics and subsequent self-administration by the patient and discussed the handling and management of potential adverse drug reactions (ADRs). According to the medical experts' opinion, tolerability at each phase of administration and patient preference should be taken into consideration to ensure a high level of adherence to treatment. Local ADRs that are uncomfortable for the patient may be alleviated by a 2- to 4-week course of antihistamine pretreatment. ADRs with severe swelling and/or systemic ADRs need the physician's particular attention and a decision together with the patient on continuation of treatment with SLIT or possible alternative routes of administration.
339 Prevention of airway and intestinal inflammation in a humanized mouse model of allergy by depletion of natural killer cells prior to PBMC engraftment; Recently, we have developed a humanized mouse model of allergen-induced IgE-dependent gut and lung inflammation in PBMC-engrafted immunodeficient mice. As natural killer (NK) cells have been shown to promote allergen sensitization, type-2 immune responses and airway hyperreactivity, the aim of the present study was to investigate the impact of NK cells in this model. Therefore, NOD-scid-γc-/- mice were injected intraperitoneally with human PBMC or NK cell-depleted PBMC from highly sensitized birch or grass pollen allergic donors together with the respective allergen or with NaCl as control. After an additional allergen boost one week later, mice were challenged with the allergen rectally on day 21 and gut inflammation was monitored by video mini-endoscopy evaluating translucency, granularity, fibrin production, vascularity, and stool. Then, mice were further challenged intranasally on two subsequent days and airway inflammation was measured by invasive body plethysmography and by histology. Allergen-specific human IgE in mouse sera, if detectable after co-injection of the respective allergen, was reduced in mice being injected with NK cell-depleted PBMC compared to mice which received non-depleted PBMC. Additionally, allergen-induced IgE-dependent colitis, airway hyperreactivity and mucus-producing goblet cells were significantly inhibited in these mice. Importantly, infiltration of the colon and lung with human CD45+ cells was similar in all groups. These results demonstrate that allergen-specific gut and lung inflammation in PBMC-engrafted humanized mice can be diminished by depletion of NK cells prior to PBMC transfer, which may be of great interest for therapeutic intervention of allergic diseases.
Diminished allergen-induced intestinal and airway inflammation in humanized mice by depletion of natural killer cells prior to PBMC engraftment; Recently, we have developed a humanized mouse model of allergen-induced IgE-dependent gut and lung inflammation in PBMC-engrafted immunodeficient mice. As natural killer (NK) cells have been shown to promote allergen sensitization, type-2 immune responses and airway hyperreactivity, the aim of the present study was to investigate the impact of NK cells in this model. Therefore, NOD-scid-γc-/- mice were injected intraperitoneally with human PBMC or NK cell-depleted PBMC from highly sensitized birch or grass pollen allergic donors together with the respective allergen or with NaCl as control. After an additional allergen boost one week later, mice were challenged with the allergen rectally on day 21 and gut inflammation was monitored by video mini-endoscopy evaluating translucency, granularity, fibrin production, vascularity, and stool. Then, mice were further challenged intranasally on two subsequent days and airway inflammation was measured by invasive body plethysmography and by histology. Allergen-specific human IgE in mouse sera, if detectable after co-injection of the respective allergen, was reduced in mice being injected with NK cell-depleted PBMC compared to mice which received non-depleted PBMC. Additionally, allergen-induced IgE-dependent colitis, airway hyperreactivity and mucus-producing goblet cells were significantly inhibited in these mice. Importantly, infiltration of the colon and lung with human CD45+ cells was similar in all groups. These results demonstrate that allergen-specific gut and lung inflammation in PBMC-engrafted humanized mice can be diminished by depletion of NK cells prior to PBMC transfer, which may be of great interest for therapeutic intervention of allergic diseases.
Cinnamon extract and its anti-allergic properties on human dendritic cells and in an atopic dermatitis-like skin inflammation model; Background: Ceylon cinnamon has been used in a variety of cultures and their traditional medicines for thousands of years. It has been reported to possess anti-oxidant, anti-microbial, anti-inflammatory, anti-diabetic, anti-cancer, cardioprotective as well as beneficial effects in arthritis, arteriosclerosis and Alzheimer"s disease. Objective: In our current work, we investigated the role of cinnamon extract (CE) in allergic inflammation using a human dendritic cell (DC)-T cell co-culture in vitro setting and a mouse model where asthma and atopic dermatitis-like inflammation can be studied simultaneously. Methods: Therefore, monocyte-derived mature DC from grass or birch pollen allergic donors were pulsed with the respective allergen in the presence or absence of CE or the vehicle 70% ethanol and co-cultured with autologous CD4+ T cells. For the in vivo experiments, BALB/c mice were sensitized with ovalbumin (OVA) and orally treated with CE or ethanol every other day per gavage. To induce atopic dermatitis-like skin inflammation, mice were topically treated on both ears with the vitamin D3 analogue calcipotriol (MC903) three times per week in the presence or absence of prior CE application, and ear swelling was analyzed with a micrometer and by histology four weeks later. Results: Addition of CE but not ethanol significantly inhibited human DC maturation and subsequent allergen-specific T cell proliferation. In vivo, treatment of OVA-sensitized mice with CE led to a significant shift from OVA-specific IgE towards IgG2a production and to a strong inhibition of OVA-specific proliferation of ex vivo restimulated splenocytes. Moreover, airway inflammation as well as anaphylaxis after intranasal or systemic allergen challenge was significantly reduced in CE-treated mice. Furthermore, pretreatment with CE but not ethanol resulted in abrogation of MC903-induced ear swelling as well as epidermal hyperplasia and inflammatory cell infiltration. Conclusion: Taken together, our results point towards possible applications of CE in relieving symptoms of allergy and atopic dermatitis.
Evaluating the clinical outcome of subcutaneous immunotherapy using an allergoid extract in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Introduction: Allergoid subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) extracts contain allergens that have been chemically modified to reduce allergenicity, allowing for safer and shorter up-dosing schedules. While several European studies have shown that these extracts are effective and safe, there is currently no published Australian paediatric data on the clinical outcome of allergoid SCIT. Methods: We conducted a prospective observational cohort study in grass pollen and house dust mite polysensitized children aged 5-15 years who commenced house dust mite and grass pollen glutaraldehyde-modified allergoid SCIT in 2017, in Melbourne, Australia. Patient-reported Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Scores on an electronic Visual Analogue Scale (RTSS: sneezing, nasal congestion, nasal itch, rhinorrhoea and eye symptoms), medication use and adverse events were obtained at baseline (T0), 12 months (T1) and 24 months (T2). Results: 19 participants were enrolled into the study. At T1, 52% (10/ 19) of participants showed >30% reduction in RTSS from baseline
Sublingual immunotherapy alters salivary IgA and systemic immune mediators in timothy allergic children; Background: Immunomodulatory effects of sublingual immunotherapy on systemic and mucosal mediators in allergic children are largely unexplored. The aim of this study was to investigate allergy-related cytokine and chemokine levels, as well as IgA-responses upon a 3-year treatment with timothy grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: From children included in the GRAZAX® Asthma Prevention study, blood and saliva samples were analyzed at inclusion, after 3 years of treatment, and 2 years after treatment ending. By means of Luminex and ELISA methodologies, allergy-related cytokines and chemokines were measured in plasma samples and allergen-stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cell supernatants. Furthermore, studies of total, secretory, and Phl p 1–specific salivary IgA antibodies were performed using the same methods. Results: GRAZAX®-treated children exhibited significantly higher levels of Phl p 1–specific salivary IgA and serum IgG4, along with significantly lower skin prick test positivity, after 3 years of treatment and 2 years after treatment cessation. Additionally, plasma levels of the Th1-associated chemokines CXCL10 and CXCL11 were significantly higher in treated than untreated children at these time points. Timothy-induced ratios of IL-5/IL-13 over IFN-γ were significantly decreased after 3 years with active treatment, as were symptoms of allergic rhinitis in terms of both severity and visual analogue scale scores. However, no consistent correlations were found between the clinical outcomes and immunologic parameters. Conclusion: Phleum pratense sublingual immunotherapy in grass pollen allergic children modulates the immune response in the oral mucosa as well as systemically—by increasing Th1-responses, decreasing Th2-responses, and inducing immunoregulatory responses—all signs of tolerance induction.
Agreement of serum allergy test results with unblocked and blocked immunoglobulin e against crossreactive carbohydrate determinants (CCD) and intradermal test results in atopic dogs; Tests for allergen-specific immunoglobulin (Ig) E are used to select allergens for immunotherapy in atopic dogs. Recently antibodies against cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (anti-CCD IgE) were identified in serum samples of atopic dogs. Their presence in humans is a known cause of clinically irrelevant polysensitization. This study aimed to compare the results of an intradermal test (IDT) and a serum test for allergen-specific IgE with and without inhibited anti-CCD IgE. Thirty-one privately owned dogs with atopic dermatitis prospectively underwent intradermal allergy testing and had their serum samples analysed for anti-CCD IgE. An Fc-e receptor-based serum test for allergen-specific IgE was performed with and without blocking anti-CCD IgE. The agreement between the different tests was analysed with Cohen's Kappa. In dogs with negative anti-CCD IgE samples, the agreement between the results of the serum test and the IDT was substantial (j = 0.71). Dogs with positive anti-CCD IgE samples (38.7%) showed no agreement between serum and intradermal testing (j =-0.35)
Evaluation of the long-term effect of allergen immunotherapy in local allergic rhinitis patients; Background : Several randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trials have demonstrated the beneficial clinical effect of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in improving symptoms, medication requirements and quality of life of local allergic rhinitis (LAR) patients. This study intends to investigate two new aspects: 1: the long-term clinical effect of AIT after its discontinuation
Epigenetic changes in SATB1 gene in FoxP3 + regulatory T cells reflect immune tolerance status during grass pollen subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy; Background : Regulatory T cells (Tregs) play an indispensable role in immune tolerance induction during allergen immunotherapy (AIT) which can be administered either subcutaneously (SCIT) or sublingually (SLIT). Recently, a T lineage-enriched transcription factor, special AT-rich sequence binding protein-1 (SATB1), has been reported as a functional marker of Tregs. We hypothesised that FoxP3 + Treg cells are dysregulated in grass pollen allergic subjects (SAR) and their functional activity following SCIT and SLIT is restored when SATB1 is repressed in Tregs. Furthermore, the SATB1 gene is differentially methylated between the SAR and AIT-treated patients. Method : In a prospective, controlled study of AIT, conducted during the pollen season, peripheral blood mononuclear cells were obtained from SCIT (n = 12), SLIT (n = 12), those who completed 3 years of SLIT (SLIT-TOL
Nasal allergen neutralizing antibodies correlate closely with tolerated intranasal allergen challenge dose following grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy in patients with local allergic rhinitis; Background : Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is safe and clinically effective in patients with grass pollen induced Local Allergic Rhinitis (LAR), a new rhinitis phenotype characterized by a positive nasal allergen challenge (NAC), nasal IgE, negative skin prick test and serum sIgE. We hypothesized that grass pollen SCIT in LAR is associated with the induction of functional nasal antibodies with inhibitory activities that correlate closely with the levels of allergen tolerated following NAC. Method : We conducted a randomized double-blind placebocontrolled study of grass pollen SCIT. Study participants received either grass pollen SCIT or placebo for the first 6 months, followed by discontinuation for an additional 6 months. At 12 months, all study participants received grass pollen SCIT for a duration of 12 months. Levels of IgA, IgG 4 and blocking antibodies were measured in nasal lavage and serum by ImmunoCAP, ELISA and IgE-FAB assay at baseline, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months. Results : The concentration of grass pollen allergen tolerated dose was increased at 12 months ( P < 0.05) compared to baseline in SCIT treated group that had received 6 months of treatment. No change was observed in the placebo group for 12 months, although an increase was observed following active treatment at 24 months ( P < 0.05). Levels of serum IgA 1 to grass pollen increased in SCIT but not placebo treated group at 6 months ( P < 0.05). In addition to this, Phl p1-and Phl p5-sIgG 4 was increased at 18 and 24 months in the SCIT group (all, P < 0.05) but not in the placebo group following active treatment. Nasal inhibitory antibody activity was increased in the SCIT but not placebo-treated group at 6 months ( P < 0.05). However, no inhibition was seen in serum. Nasal inhibitory antibody activity correlated closely with the grass pollen allergen tolerated dose following NAC ( r = -0.47, P = 0.01). Conclusion : For the first time, we have shown that blocking antibodies with inhibitory activity are induced locally in the nasal mucosa and not systemically following grass pollen SCIT. These inhibitory antibodies correlate with the tolerated allergen dose, highlighting their potential use as a biomarker for AIT in LAR.
Impact of local innate lymphoid cells type 2 (ILC2) in allergic rhinitis and asthma patients; Background : Allergic airway inflammation is essentially mediated by type 2 cells that secrete the key effector cytokines IL-4 IL-5, and IL-13. These mediators lead to the characteristic asthma pathology that includes persistent eosinophilic inflammation, airway hyperresponsiveness and remodeling, smooth muscle cell hyperplasia, goblet cell metaplasia, and increased angiogenesis. Group 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC2s) are involved in the initial phase of type 2 inflammation and can amplify allergic immune responses by orchestrating other type 2 immune cells. Objective was to characterize the frequency of ILC2 cells in and out of grass pollen season in peripheral blood and in induced sputum of rhinitis and asthmatic patients as well as the influence of allergen-specific immunotherapy treatment (AIT) on ILC2 cells. Method : Induced sputum was collected from 38 symptomatic pollen-allergic (n = 19 AIT treated and n = 19 AIT untreated) and 27 non-allergic subjects during in and out of the grass pollen season. ILC2 cells were phenotypically detected by multicolor flow cytometry. Results : Allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma patients are characterized by a significant higher frequency of systemic and local ILC2 cells (Lineage -/CD45 +/ CD127 + /CRTH2 + ) compared to AIT-treated patients and non-allergic controls, while consistently AIT treated individuals showed reduced IL-13 expression in ILC2s both during grass pollen season as well as off-season. Interestingly, out of the grass pollen season asthmatics without AIT showed higher levels of local and systemic ILC2s than during peak-season. Conclusion : The current study reveals novel mechanisms of how AIT may control type-2 immunity and demonstrates that ILC2 cells are also part of AIT-induced immune suppression. Future studies need to address, whether ILC2 cells can counteract AIT tolerance induction or influence therapeutic control of type-2 immunity.
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy-experience in a UK children's hospital; Background : In the UK, up to 10% of 6 year olds are diagnosed with Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis (SAR), with this number doubling amongst teenagers 1 . SAR not only affects the quality of life but also significantly impacts on examination performance in teenagers 2 . Desensitisation or immunotherapy involves gradually increasing exposure to the standardized grass pollen extract (Timothy grass, Phleum pratenase) until tolerance is achieved. Method : This was a retrospective cross-sectional study conducted between 1st March to 30th June 2018. The first dose of sublingual immunotherapy was administered in hospital as per protocol. Questionnaires and telephone/ postal survey were used to collect data. We used the EAACI SAR scoring system, pre and post immunotherapy to assess response 3 . Our aim was to assess the impact of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy on symptom control in children with severe SAR. Results : 28 children undergoing sublingual pollen immunotherapy were enrolled, age range 6-17 years, median age 14 years. 64% children were monosensitised to grass/ tree pollen. 70% patients found the treatment helpful. The combined SAR score before immunotherapy ranged from 4.2-5, with median of 4.3 out of 6, implying at least moderate severity of SAR. The median score post treatment was 1.6 indicating reduction of 43%. Patients experienced symptom reduction and required lower doses and frequency of antihistamines and nasal corticosteroid sprays. Examination performance and participation in sports improved. 75% of the children with asthma reported reduced use of anti-asthma medication. 2 of the 3 patients that found the treatment unhelpful, were in their first year of treatment. This is consistent with published reports, that treatment is more effective if used for at least 18 months. The duration of treatment ranged from 7 months to complete 3 years, median duration of 22.5 months. The short duration is due to recent initiation of immunotherapy and not due to withdrawal from treatment. Patient compliance was high, only 2 patients discontinued therapy for personal reasons. Conclusion : Sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy in SAR is effective, safe, logistically easy to administer and has a beneficial effect on co-morbid allergic disorders like asthma. Further large scale prospective studies are required to establish the above results.
Biological standardization of the Dactylis glomerata, Festuca pratensis, Lolium perenne, Phleum pratense and Poa pratensis allergen extracts: A phase II clinical trial; Background : Allergen extracts must follow a strict standardization process in order to guarantee the quality and reproducibility of the allergens used for immunotherapy. The Nordic Guidelines recommend the biological standardization as the gold standard method to assess the global in vivo biological activity of the allergens. Method : This is an open non- randomized phase II clinical trial conducted between March 2016 and May 2018 at 3 hospitals in Ciudad Real, Spain. Grass pollen- sensitized patients older than 18 years consented to participate in the trial and were recruited outside the pollen season. Each patient received 2 allergens, one per arm, at four allergen concentrations (0.01 mg/mL, 0.1 mg/mL, 1 mg/mL and 10 mg/mL) in duplicate together with the histamine reference solution (10 mg/mL) and a negative control (glycerinated phenol saline solution). The objective to this trial was to assess the biological activity of 5 grasses from the Gramineae family, Dactylis glomerata (Dg), Festuca pratensis (Fp), Lolium perenne (Lp), Phleum pretense (Php) and Poa pratensis (Pop) . The primary parameter of the study was the wheal size area produced on the skin 15 minutes after the extract application. Then, a dose- response relationship of the allergen was estimated by regression line analysis. The concentration of allergen estimated to provoke a response with the same wheal area as the histamine reaction was then calculated from the regression line formula. The median value based on all patients tested represents the concentration of the allergen preparation corresponding to 1 RC/ mL. Results : 58 patients were included in the trial and 50 in the Per Protocol analysis. The mean age was 32 years and the predominant symptoms were rhinoconjunctivitis with asthma. Patients were allocated in the 5 groups as following Dg N = 23
Real-life adherence of subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) AIT: A retrospective, long-term cohort analysis in Germany; Background : Data on real-life outcomes SCIT are scarce. To evaluate the real-life adherence to SCIT and SLIT vaccines within the prescribing guidelines, we analyzed data on AIT prescriptions of patients allergic to grass, tree pollen or house dust mites (HDM). Method : The analyses were conducted with IMS LRx ® (IQVIA, Frankfurt, Germany) a database which covers approx. 60% of all German statutory prescriptions. We compared the adherence of cases (n = 159.685) with an initial AIT prescription in 10/2009-9/2013 (grass), 6/2010-5/2013 (tree) or 2/2010-1/2014 (mites). We analyzed 4 subcutaneous grass AIT products and 2 grass tablets, 4 subcutaneous and 2 sublingual trees products, and 4 different subcutaneous HDM products. The analyses were descriptive and consisted of the following two outcomes: shares of patients with adherence of ≤ 1 year, ≤2 years, ≤3 years and > 3 years and days on therapy with the respective preparations. Results : 59.6-63.8% (dependent on product) of patients receiving grass SCIT reached the third treatment year, whereas adherence in patients treated with grass tablets was 29.5/33.7% (dependent on product). For tree pollen treatment adherence was 56.7-62.3% for SCIT and 29.4/36.8% for SLIT. In subcutaneous HDM AIT adherence in the third year was 60.7-64.5%. The day-on-therapy analyses of grass AIT patients revealed the highest number of days on therapy for Allergovit ® (1,034 days in mean) and the lowest for grass tablets (488 and 462 days in mean). For tree pollen AIT, the results for days on therapy were rather close to those in the grass pollen AIT patients. In HDM AIT, patients treated with Acaroid ® showed the highest number of mean treatment days (1,040 days), which was close to the recommended three years. Irrespective of the allergen, the adherence in children (5-11 years) was the highest compared to adolescents (12-17 years) and adults (18-50 years). Conclusion : According to the recent guidelines a minimum of 3 years of AIT is recommended to achieve long-term efficacy. In addition, poor adherence is a contraindication for AIT. This real-life analysis of prescription data in allergic patients revealed considerable differences in adherence between subcutaneous and sublingual AIT products in favor to the subcutaneous application form and underlines the importance of strategies to improve therapy adherence.
BAT as useful method for monitoring the effectiveness of specific allergen immunotherapy; Background : The Basophil activation test (BAT) is a reliable and sensitive method in IgE- mediated diagnosis allergy. This method is based on stimulation of basophils in vitro with the appropriate allergen associated with their follow- up degranulation. Activation of basophils is monitored by changing the expression of activation markers, most often expression of CD63, using a flow cytometer. BAT is currently the subject of intensive research, and it has been gradually introduced into diagnostic workup of allergic diseases. It appears to be a sensitive tool to measure changes in allergen response during specific immunotherapy which aims to suppress histamine release from basophilic granulocytes, resulting in less serious immediate allergic reactions. Method : For two years specific immunotherapy was observed in the patient with an allergy to Timothy grass pollen and yet another year will be monitored. We used commercially available flow cytometry detection kit based on combination CD63FITC/CD203cPE (BasoFlowEx® Kit, EXBIO) to monitor changes in basophil specificity and reactivity of the patient undergoing immunotherapy against Timothy grass ( Phleum pratense ) pollen. A twelve- point concentration range of Timothy grass pollen extract and recombinant molecules (rPhl p 1, rPhl p 5 and rPhl p 7) was used to stimulate basophils in freshly taken heparinized blood sample. Stimulated blood samples were assayed by BasoFlowEx® Kit followed by analysis using flow cytometry (BD FACSCanto SORP). Basophil specificity and reactivity changes were calculated from dose- response curves as an area under the curve (AUC) parameter for the comparison purpose. A correlation between the changes of basophil specificity and reactivity and changing levels of Timothy grass specific IgEs during immunotherapy was also checked. Results : During 2 years of Timothy grass pollen immunotherapy there was a decrease in activation of basophils from 92.6% to 2.1%. Changes in basophil specificity and reactivity correlate with patient symptoms described during allergen- specific immunotherapy as well as with changes of levels of allergen- specific IgEs (measured with the ImmunoCAP Lab assay). Conclusion : The Basophil Activation Test thus can be very convenient method to evaluate efficacy of the disease treatment during allergenspecific immunotherapy.
Safety and effectiveness of a single multiallergen subcutaneous immunotherapy in polyallergic patients; Background : The sensitization profile to aeroallergens in Spain is complex, with mostly polysensitised patients attending allergy clinics. As the number of allergic sensitizations increases the severity of allergic respiratory diseases worsen. Multiple monoallergen immunotherapy might be efficacious, but it can be accompanied by poor treatment adherence and high costs. A single multiallergen immunotherapy needs to provide high doses of allergen to be efficacious whilst maintaining a good safety profile. Method : An observational, retrospective and multicenter study was carried out using single multiallergen SCIT with undiluted mixtures of 2 pollens prescribed in routine clinical practice in Spain. Patients with rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without controlled asthma, sensitised to grass, olive, Parietaria , Cupressus , plane tree and/or Salsola pollen were included. Primary and secondary clinical efficacy endpoints were quality of life measured by mini Rhinitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (miniRQLQ) and visual analogue scale (VAS) respectively. All adverse events were documented for the treatment safety profile. Results : Ten centers included a total of 97 patients with a median age of 32 years (range 8- 72). Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) treatment included combinations of grass mix with olive, Parietaria, Cupressus , plane tree or Salsola or olive with Parietaria, Cupressus or Salsola . The mean duration of SCIT was 1.8 years with a high treatment adherence (73%). A significant improvement in quality of life, nasal and ocular symptoms, activity limitations and practical problems ( P < 0.0001) and other symptoms ( P = 0.024) measured by miniRQLQ was observed. Most patients (77%) with previous diagnosis of asthma did not develop asthma- like symptoms during the period with SCIT treatment and a significant improvement of all allergic symptoms severity was perceived. VAS perception of allergic disease showed a significant improvement in rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma by patients and physicians. Twenty- nine patients experienced adverse reactions of which 25 had local and 6 had systemic reactions. All systemic reactions were grade ≤2 according to EAACI classification. Conclusion : Single multiallergen SCIT treatment with undiluted mixtures of two different pollens has shown to be efficacious and safe in both children and adults. These results show that single undiluted multiallergen SCIT is a suitable option for the treatment of polyallergic patients.
Strong dose-response on immunoglobulin markers during a phase II allergen immunotherapy study with subcutaneously administered tyrosine adsorbed modified grass allergen + MPL; Background : The results of this Phase II study [EudraCT 2017-000333-31] evaluated the dose response relationship for a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product (1.0 mL) with modified allergen tyrosine adsorbate (MATA) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvants for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) due to grass pollen. Method : In total 447 patients with grass pollen-induced ARC were enrolled in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study. Patients were randomized to one of five dose regimens of 5100, 14400, 27600 and 35600 SU and placebo. As a secondary endpoint the immunoglobulin markers (total IgE, grass-specific IgE, grassspecific IgG4 and specific IgE/total IgE ratio) were evaluated. Results : For all immunoglobulin markers a strong statistically significant dose-response was shown for a wide range of cumulative doses from 5100 SU to 35600 SU. Grass-specific IgE, grass-specific IgG4 and specific IgE/total IgE ratio demonstrated statistically significant increases compared to placebo for all cumulative doses (P < 0.01), including the currently marketed dose of 5100 SU in Europe. Conclusion : An ultra-short course of 6 injections with allergoid grass SCIT treatment with adjuvants MATA and MPL is associated with significant increases in immunoglobulin markers for a wide range of cumulative dose levels indicating a strong therapeutic response.
Trial design for safety evaluation of an accelerated dose escalation schedule with one strength of a 6-grasses pollen allergoid in children and adolescents; Background : Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy (SCIT) with a hypoallergenic grass pollen allergoid is an effective and tolerable treatment method. Recently we have shown that accelerated dose escalation is safe and well tolerated in adults with grass pollen related AR and/or asthma. This study investigates the safety and tolerability of an accelerated dose escalation scheme with only one strength of the preparation in children and adolescents. Method : 18 sites in Germany, Poland, Spain and Russia will recruit patients (5 to < 17 years) with a positive skin prick test to grass pollen allergens, specific IgE [>0.70 kU/L] and symptoms of rhinoconjunctivitis on grass pollen exposure documented in the medical history. The safety and tolerability of an accelerated dose escalation scheme (3 injections with strength B) will be compared with the standard escalation scheme (7 injections with strength A+B) of a hypoallergenic grass pollen in a multicentre phase II clinical trial. Both groups will receive 2 additional maintenance doses. All adverse events will be recorded. Patients and investigators will assess the tolerability of the therapy using a 5-point Likert scale. Results : The study design has been approved by Competent Authorities and Ethic Committees in all participating countries. Approximately 200 male and female outpatients, aged 5 to < 17 years, will be screened. It is planned to randomize 140 patients, 35 patients in each active treatment group. The use of an alternative dose escalation schemes with less injections is common in daily practice. The current trial investigates a treatment scheme with 3 dosing escalation steps with one strength in a controlled environment. As recently shown in adult patients, we expect these as the minimal number of injections for a dose escalation of an allergen immunotherapy with the 6-grasses pollen allergoid in children and adolescents, too. Conclusion : The advantage of this new one strength high-dose allergen immunotherapy (AIT) option is that administration of less injections is comfortable especially in children and minimizes the risk to confuse vial A with vial B. For the patients it is convenient to get less injections and to have less doctor's visits.
Strong dose-response using a conjunctival provocation test during a phase II allergen immunotherapy study with subcutaneously administered tyrosine adsorbed modified grass allergen + MPL; Background : This Phase II study [EudraCT 2017-000333-31] evaluated the dose response relationship for a modified grass subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product with modified allergen tyrosine adsorbate (MATA) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvants for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) due to grass pollen. Method : In total 447 patients were enrolled in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study. Patients were randomized to one of five dose regimens of 5100, 14400, 27600 and 35600 SU and placebo. The primary endpoint was the total symptom score (TSS) as measured during a conjunctival provocation test (CPT). Three dose response models were predefined: an Emax, logistic, and linear in log-dose model. MCP-Mod was used to characterize a dose response relationship. Results : For all three individual pre-specified dose response models, a highly statistically significant dose-response ( P < .0001) was shown for the range of cumulative doses from 5100 SU to 35600 SU. The dose reaching at least 50% of the full CPT effect size over placebo (ED50) was approximately 2900 SU, in support of the currently marketed cumulative dose of 5100 SU in Europe, which is almost 2-fold higher. All doses evaluated were well tolerated. Conclusion : This study demonstrates a clear and statistically significant dose response on TSS following CPT after an ultra-short course of 6 injections with allergoid grass SCIT treatment with adjuvants MATA and MPL. Both the cumulative 27600 SU and 35600 SU doses showed a similarly optimal risk/benefit profile. Either dose may therefore be selected for further investigation in pivotal phase III studies.
Microbiological findings on skin specimens in patients with atopic eczema; Background : Skin eczema is very often in general pathology of patients with allergic diseases. Skin eczema significantly affects the quality of life of the patient. The most common allergens were substances widespread present in any environment. PRICK tests shown that all type of allergen was accused for atopic eczema, inhaled, food allergen, fungi and allergen of workplace. It is known that disruption of basal layer of epithelial cells of skin enable passing of allergen into subcutaneous space, were microphages and dendritic cells are placed, so, sensibilization could start. Whether chronic inflammation with positive microbiological finding of specimen of affected skin is with increased risk for eczema formation is the aim of this paper. Method : Results of microbiological analyzes of the specimens obtained from eczema, directly of affected site, were shown in this paper. PRICK test was performed for standard respiratory, food contact allergens as well as the allergens of the workplace. Results : We analyzed specimens of 67 patients with eczema. Positive results were shown in 21 patients. The most common was staphylococcus epidermidis (7 cases), staphylococcus aureus (3 cases), Escherichia coli (2 cases), Pseudomonas aeruginosa (1 cases) Acinetobacter species (2 cases) Candida albicans (6 cases), Aspergillus fumigatus (1 case). PRICK test was positive in 46 out of 67 patients, in some of them with multiple microbes. The most common positive allergens were dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (18 cases), ambrosia (7 cases) Candida albicans (14 cases), aspergillus fumigates (6 cases), Aspergillus niger (4 cases). Trees (5 cases), Grass (4 cases). Total IgE were elevated in 45 out of all 67 patients (mean 346 IU/L (±93), Measurement of specific IgE were performed for ambrosia (mean 16.6 IU/L, ±8.2), dermatophagoides 11.5 IU/mL (±5.4) aspergillus fumigates (4.2 IU/mL (±2.5), candida albicans 4.1 IU/mL (±1.9). The coincidence of PRICK tests and microbiological analyzes was most often present in fungi. The patients were treated locally with antifungal medication, and by specific immunotherapy, when appropriate. Conclusion : We shown substantial correlation between results of analyzes of microbiological skin swab and allergologic examination performed by PRICK test. Both results were used in consideration for prescription of specific immunotherapy as well as local or systemic use of antibiotic or fungicides.
Immunomodulatory properties of lolium perenne peptides for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background : Short linear allergen peptides do not cross-link IgE receptor on the surface of mast cells and basophils. They are thought to have a superior safety profile for immunotherapy. We hypothesized that Lolium Perenne peptides (LPP) derived from enzymatic hydrolysis would have reduced allergenicity, Th2A and T follicular helper (Tfh) cell responses and can promote B regulatory (Breg) and blocking antibody responses. Method : Peripheral blood monocular cells (PBMCs) from 16 grass pollen allergics (SAR) and 6 non-atopic controls (NAC) were stimulated with several candidate peptides and native grass pollen protein. The allergenicity of the LPP candidates was measured by their ability to activate basophils and promote histamine release using flow cytometry. Allergen-specific Tfh cells and IL-10 + Breg cells were also quantified by flow cytometry. Results : We have previously shown in a multicenter Phase III RDBPCT that short-course LPP immunotherapy resulted in the reduction of CSMS in LPP-treated group, compared to placebo group ( P = .041 and P = .029) in and out of the peak pollen season, respectively. To elucidate the underlying mechanism of action, the effect of several candidate peptides was further investigated. Native grass pollen protein elicited a dose-dependent increase in basophil responsiveness as illustrated by CD63 + CRTH2 + (EC 50 =22.93 ± 7.27 ng/ mL), CD203c bright CRTH2 + (EC 50 =12.50 ± 4.45 ng/mL), DAO -CD63 + CRTH2 + (EC 50 =97.62 ± 59.58 ng/mL) and DAO -CD203c bright CRTH2 + (EC 50 =106.70 ± 59.07 ng/mL) basophils in SAR, but not NAC. All candidate peptides illustrated reduced allergenicity when compared to native grass pollen protein (all, P < .01). In addition to this, all candidate peptides induced CD19 + CD5 + CD27 + IL-10 + ( P = .0085) and CD19 + CD5 + CD38 int CD24 int IL-10 + ( P = .0468) Breg cell subsets compared to native protein in SAR. Furthermore, all candidate peptides were able to elicit less proliferation of CD4 + T cells, Th2A cells, Tfh cells, ICOS + Tfh cells, IL-4 + , IL-21 + and IFN-γ + Tfh cells (all, P < .05) compared to native protein. Conclusion : For the first time, we demonstrate that candidate Lolium Perenne peptides have reduced allergenicity. In addition, reduced Th2A responses and enhanced IL-10 + Breg responses were also elicited by candidate Lolium Perenne peptides.
Allergoids conjugated to mannan drive monocyte differentiation into tolerogenic dendritic cells and anti-inflammatory macrophages; Background : Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the single curative treatment for allergy, but it still faces problems related to efficacy, security, duration and patient compliance. Glutaraldehydepolymerized grass pollen allergoids conjugated to non-oxidized mannan (PM) represent next-generation vaccines for AIT targeting dendritic cells (DCs) that promote the generation of forkhead box P3 (FOXP3) + regulatory T (Treg) cells. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of PM over the monocyte differentiation process into DCs and macrophages (MØ) Method : Monocytes were differentiated in the presence of IL-4 and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) to obtain human monocyte-derived DCs (hmoDCs), with GM-CSF to obtain GM-MØ, or with macrophage colony-stimulating factor (MCSF) to obtain M-MØ. PM was added at days 0 and 4 of the differentiation to obtain PM/hmoDCs or PM/GM-MØ. The expression of surface markers and cytokine signature were determined by flow cytometry, qPCR or ELISA. Allogeneic cocultures of PM/hmoDCs with naïve CD4 + T cells were performed to analyse T cell polarization. Frequencies of FOXP3 + Treg cells were quantified. Blocking and pharmacological inhibition experiments were performed in PM/ hmoDCs. Results : HmoDCs generated in the presence of PM are characterized by a significantly lower cytokine production after LPS stimulation (TNF-α, IL-6 and IL-1β), higher IL10/TNF-α, IL-10/IL-6 and IL-10/ IL-1β ratios, and a higher expression of the tolerogenic molecules PDL1 , IDO , SOCS3 and IL10 than hmoDCs generated in the absence of PM. PM/hmoDCs also show a higher capacity to promote the generation of FOXP3 + Treg cells than hmoDCs generated without PM. Blocking experiments suggest that the inhibition of indoleamine-2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) reduces the induction of FOXP3 + Treg cells by PM/hmoDCs. Furthermore, human GM-MØ differentiated in the presence of PM acquired an immunosuppressive-like profile similar to the profile of M-MØ. PM/GM-MØ are characterized by a remarkable production of IL-10 after LPS stimulation and a high expression of CD163 , CCL2 , IL10 and CD14 macrophage markers. Conclusion : Our results demonstrate that allergoids conjugated to non-oxidized mannan modulate monocyte differentiation by promoting tolerogenic DCs and anti-inflammatory macrophages, which might also well contribute to the generation of healthy immune responses to allergens induced by these next-generation vaccines.
A novel toll-like receptor 7 agonist can ameliorate phleum pratense induced allergic responses in vitro; Background : Administration of Toll-like Receptor (TLR) agonists during allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has been demonstrated to enhance the onset of tolerance. TLR7 in particular has associations with asthma and allergy making it a suitable target for novel treatments. We hypothesised that a novel synthetic agonist targeting TLR7 can modulate T H 2 mediated allergic inflammation to a more favourable T H 1 immune response in an in vitro model. Method : PBMCs were obtained from seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) patients (n = 19) recruited during the grass pollen season. PBMCs were stimulated with Phleum pratense (Phlp) allergen at 10 μg/mL and dose ranging concentrations of TLR7-01 for 6 days. Target engagement of TLR7-01 was confirmed through Luminex MagPix assay for IFNα production after 24 hours. Cytokine production associated with T H 1, T H 2 and T regulatory cell (Treg) responses was measured at day 6 with proportions of IL-4 + T H 2 cells, IFNγ + T H 1 cells and IL-10 + Tregs quantified via flow cytometry. Finally, pan-dendritic cells (DCs) were isolated and cultured with Phlp and TLR7-01 for 24 hours before washing and co-culture with memory CD4 + cells for 7 days. Results : TLR7-01 induced IFNα in a dose-dependent manner and was unaffected by the presence of Phlp, with a maximal response obtained at 10 μM ( P < .001). PBMCs exposed to TLR7-01 at 10 μM induced a four-fold reduction in Phlp induced IL-5 and a two-fold reduction in IL-13 production (both, P < .001). Additionally, the proportion of IL-4 + T H 2 cells were reduced following TLR7-01 exposure ( P < .05). IL-12p70, IL-27 and IFNγ production was significantly enhanced following exposure to TLR7-01 (all, P < .001), although the proportion of IFNγ + T H 1 cells was unaffected. IL-10 production was significantly enhanced with TLR7-01 exposure ( P < .001) whilst the proportion of CD4 + IL-10 + Tregs remained unaffected. Interestingly, the proportion of CD4 -IL-10 + cells (non-CD4 T cells) were increased ( P < .05). Finally, Pan-DCs primed with TLR7-01 and Phlp reduced the proportion of IL-4 + T H 2 cells to Phlp alone. Conclusion : We demonstrated for the first time that TLR7-01 and grass pollen antigen inhibit pro-allergic IL-5 and IL-13 responses while promoting IFNγ and IL-10 production. The utility of the immunomodulatory effect of TLR7-01 needs to be validated in a larger cohort study.
IgE and IgG4 response uniformity allows for subject-specific measure of exposure to sublingual allergen immunotherapy; Background : Subject-specific measures of exposure to specific immunotherapy are lacking. The aim of this research was to evaluate, across multiple clinical trials, the relevance of allergen specific antibody responses (sIgE and sIgG4) as a subject-specific measure of exposure to sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-tablets) using a machine-learning approach. Method : sIgE and sIgG 4) data at baseline and all visits spanning 3-57 weeks of treatment were collected from 8 phase III clinical trials conducted in North America, EU, and Japan. Active treatment comprised fast-dissolving SLIT-tablets for allergic rhinitis and/or allergic asthma due to house dust mite (HDM), grass, or ragweed. Data collected from the 8 clinical trials (2976 subjects/13 900 data points) was used for model training and leave-one-out evaluation. The machine-learning algorithm was trained in predicting if subjects were on active treatment based on immunological out-comes (i.e. changes in sIgE and sIgG4 from baseline). The accuracy of the algorithm to correctly classify subjects as receiving active (positive predictive value) or placebo (negative predictive value) was determined. Results : Overlay plots revealed comparable levels of change and similar distribution profiles of sIgE and sIgG4 responses during one year of sublingual immunotherapy for all trials and allergens. The largest average increase in sIgE was observed within the first 3 months, whereas sIgG4 continuously increased during the first year of active treatment. Evaluating the algorithm ' s ability to classify subjects accurately in treatment groups at different time points showed an overall positive predictive value of 89.4% and a negative predictive value of 84.5%. Conclusion : The change in allergen-specific IgE and IgG 4 from baseline visits to at least 4 weeks of treatment provide a subject-specific and objective measure of exposure to HDM, grass, and ragweed SLIT-tablets.
Nasal provocation can be useful for diagnosing children with local allergic rhinitis; Case Report: Introduction : Local allergic rhinitis is characterized by symptoms of allergic rhinitis without a positive skin prick test or detection of specific immunoglobulin E (IgE) against aeroallergens. These patients were often misdiagnosed as having “non-allergic rhinitis” (NAR) in the past. However, there can be evidence for a specific IgE-production in the nasal mucosa in these patients without systemic sensitization. Case Report : A 10-year-old boy admitted to our department of pediatric allergy complaining of a perennial nasal obstruction. Therapy with mometasone nasal spray had shown an intermittent improvement of the nasal obstruction. He had a history of recurring obstructive bronchitis during early childhood, since the age of 6 years he had no more asthmatic symptoms. He had no atopic dermatitis and no food allergies. There were no pets living in the house. The patient had a history of polypectomy and signs of sinusitis in cranial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Family history for atopic disease was positive with both parents suffering from an allergic rhinitis with proven allergies against aeroallergens. A blood test had shown an elevated IgE of 226.6 IU/mL (reference range < 120 IU/mL) and a mild sensitization against cat. There was no specific IgE against house dust mite, dog, birch, grass pollen, mugwort and mold. We performed a skin prick test for aeroallergens with a positive result for cat epithelium. Due to the suggestive symptoms we subsequently performed a nasal provocation test with house dust mite which showed an impressive positive result. Patient was suffering from nasal secretion, itching of the eyes and coughing and even the lung function test after the provocation showed a significant decrease of the forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1). Therefore, a local allergic rhinitis with sensitization against house dust mite could be proven and we recommended a specific subcutaneous immunotherapy. Conclusion : In patients with symptoms of an allergic rhinitis but without evidence of a positive skin prick test or specific IgE against aeroallergens a local allergic rhinitis should be considered and a nasal provocation test should be performed.
Intralymphatic allergen immunotherapy against birch and grass pollen allergy: A 3-year double-blind randomized clinical trial of 72 patients; Background : Immunotherapy with subcutaneous injections is an option to treat allergic rhinitis but consumes time and resources. Intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) may achieve the same effect on rhinitis symptoms after only three monthly injections given into the inguinal lymph nodes. Method : Patients with birch and timothy allergy received three doses of 0.1 mL of birch and 5-grass allergen extracts (10 000 SQ units/mL, ALK-Abello), or either and placebo (i.e Diluent) at 4-weeks intervals. The patients were randomized into three groups: treatment with birch and 5-grass, birch and placebo and 5-grass and placebo. The injections, given into an inguinal lymph node with a 27G (0.4 mm) needle, were controlled and documented by ultrasonography. Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS), Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) and Medical Score (MS) were evaluated during the pollen season before treatment and after three subsequent pollen seasons. Circulating proportions of T helper subsets were analyzed by flow cytometry. Trial registration: EudraCT (2013-004726-28). Results : The three groups reported fewer symptoms even 3 years after treatment, RTSS mean 12.18 (SD 3.33)-7.31 (SD 4.28), P < 0.0001, improved quality of life, RQLQ mean 3.15 (SD 1.04) - 1.50 (SD 1.17), P < 0.0001, and used less medication, MS mean 9.67 (SD 4.86) - 4.89 (SD 4.65) at almost similar rate independently of treatment (Repeated measures ANOVA, IBM-SPSS). Similar results were also noticed already after the first year. During 3 years after ILIT, 8 patients had severe adverse events but none was judged to be related to the therapy. Mild local pain was the most common side effect. One patient showed hypothyroidism, possibly related to the therapy. IgE levels (kU/L) decreased, for birch mean 22.6 (SD 23.3) - 16.9 (SD 19.5), P < 0.001, for timothy mean 15.7 (SD 21.6) - 13.0 (SD 18.0), P < 0.0001, independently of treatment. IgG4 levels to birch and grass and skin prick test reactivity remained unchanged. Conjunctival challenge tests with timothy extract showed a higher threshold for allergen, 3.9 (SD 1.1) - 4.3 (SD1.1), P < 0.001, on a scale 0-6. Activated regulatory T cells increased 3 years after treatment in all three groups ( P < 0.001, Wilcoxon ' s signed rank test). Conclusion : Intralymphatic immunotherapy against grass and birch pollen allergy seems to be effective, safe and associated with bystander immune modulatory responses.
Allergenicity of grass depigmentedpolymerized extracts by basophil activation test; Background : Grasses are the main cause of pollen allergy worldwide. In areas where different Poaceae grow together, it is difficult to determine which species are responsible for triggering symptoms in sensitized patients. Therefore, a mixture of different grasses (GM
Real-life safety of 5-grass pollen tablet in 5-to-9-year-old children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Although 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy has a good safety profile in controlled clinical trials, additional safety information among pediatric patients in a real-world setting would be useful. Objective: To further document the safety of 5-grass tablet among children aged 5 to 9 years with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). Methods: This multicenter, observational study included allergy immunotherapy-naïve 5- to 9-year-old children with grass pollen–induced ARC prescribed with 5-grass tablet daily (3-day dose escalation to 300 index of reactivity [IR]). Patients were followed up daily for safety and tolerability over the first 30 treatment days. Adverse events (AEs) and adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were analyzed descriptively. Results: Three hundred seven children (mean age, 7.1 years) were enrolled. Fifty-eight percent were confirmed as polysensitized, and 36% had mild-to-moderate asthma. Of 307 patients, 233 (76%) reported AEs, and 173/307 (56%) reported ADRs, most frequently mild application-site reactions (throat irritation, oral pruritus, oral paresthesia). Sixteen of 307 (5.2%) patients withdrew because of ADRs. In 143 of 173 (83%) patients, ADRs first occurred within 1 week of starting treatment. More than half of the ADRs lasted less than 2 days, and ADRs resolved spontaneously in 161 of 173 (93%) patients. Recurrences of ADRs were reported in 45 of 173 (26%) patients and were also mainly application-site reactions. No notable differences were found in ADRs related to whether patients had asthma at inclusion. Neither epinephrine use nor admission to intensive care unit was reported. Conclusion: The safety profile of 5-grass tablet in pediatric ARC patients aged 5 to 9 years was consistent with safety findings in older patients, most ADRs being at the application site and mild to moderate. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02295969
How to diagnose and treat local allergic rhinitis: A challenge for clinicians; Chronic rhinitis is a very common disease that can be divided in various phenotypes. Historically, the condition has been classified into the allergic rhinitis (AR) and non-allergic non-infectious rhinitis (NAR) forms, based on the results of the classical biomarkers of atopy: skin prick test and serum allergen-specific IgE However, this classification does not reflect the complexity of the rhinitis syndrome, as illustrated by the existence of non-atopic rhinitis patients who display a nasal reactivity to environmental allergens. This new phenotype has been termed local allergic rhinitis (LAR) and can be only recognized if an additional test such as the nasal allergen challenge (NAC) is integrated in the diagnostic algorithm for chronic rhinitis. Recent data shows that the NAC is a very safe and reliable technique ready for the clinical practice. LAR is a differentiated rhinitis phenotype which often commences during childhood and quickly progresses towards a clinical worsening and the association of comorbidities in other mucosal organs. Recent evidence supports the existence of a bronchial counterpart of LAR (local allergic asthma), which highlights the pathophysiological links between the upper and lower airways and reinforces the united airways concept. Importantly, several controlled studies have demonstrated the ability of allergen immunotherapy to control LAR symptoms while the therapy is being administered. This review emphasizes the need to implement the NAC in the clinical practice in order to facilitate the recognition of LAR patients, allowing for an early prescription of specific therapies with disease-modifying potential.
Immunotherapy with grass pollen tablets reduces medication dispensing for allergic rhinitis and asthma: A retrospective database study in France; Background: Moderate-to-severe allergic rhinitis (AR) may increase the risk of developing or worsening asthma, whereas treatment of AR with subcutaneously or sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) may slow this progression. Methods: In a retrospective real-world analysis, prescription fulfilment data were gathered from French retail pharmacies between 1 March 2012 and 31 December 2016. Using linear regression analyses, patients having received at least two prescriptions of grass pollen SLIT tablets over at least 2 successive years were compared with control patients having received symptomatic medications only. Results: A total of 1099 SLIT patients and 27 475 control patients were included in the main analysis. With regard to symptomatic AR medication dispensing, we observed a 50% decrease in the pre-index/follow-up ratio in the SLIT group, a 30% increase in the control group without age matching (P < 0.0001 vs SLIT) and a 20% increase in the control group with age matching (P < 0.0001 vs SLIT). During the follow-up, 11 (1.8%) and 782 (5.3%) patients initiated asthma treatment in the SLIT and control groups, respectively. The relative risk of medication dispensing for new asthma was lower in the SLIT group (by 62.5% [29.1%-80.1%] without age matching (P = 0.0025) and by 63.7% [31.5%-80.7%] with age matching
Follow up of sublingual immunotherapy in a paediatric population at Cork University Hospital; Introduction: Allergic rhinitis is an immune-mediated response of the nasal mucosa to allergens, which is clinically characterised by paroxysms of sneezing, rhinnorhea, and nasal obstruction which is often accompanied by itching of the eyes, nose and palate. In the most severe cases, patients can still have a reduced quality of life despite optimal treatment with antihistamines, eye drops and nasal sprays. When the symptoms of allergic rhinitis persist, they can have a dramatic impact on the quality of life of the child and their family. Untreated symptoms can have a detrimental effect the child's sleeping pattern which consequently can impact negatively on their growth potential, cognition and participation in social activities. Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) can alter a patient's sensitivity to inhaled allergens and improve symptoms which do not respond to the standard therapies. Aim and methods: The aims of this study were to assess the effect SLIT had on patients both during the treatment and after. Effects were determined by retrospective chart review. 38 children (age 5-17) completed 3 years of SLIT at Cork University Hospital between 2010 and 2016. 34 patient/guardians were contacted by telephone to provide additional information
Rational design of a hypoallergenic Phl p 7 variant for immunotherapy of polcalcin-sensitized patients; Polcalcins are important respiratory panallergens, whose IgE-binding capacity depends on the presence of calcium. Since specific immunotherapy is not yet available for the treatment of polcalcin-sensitized patients, we aimed to develop a molecule for efficient and safe immunotherapy. We generated a hypoallergenic variant of the grass pollen polcalcin Phl p 7 by introducing specific point mutations into the allergen's calcium-binding regions. We thereby followed a mutation strategy that had previously resulted in a hypoallergenic mutant of a calcium-binding food allergen, the major fish allergen parvalbumin. Dot blot assays performed with sera from Phl p 7-sensitized patients showed a drastically reduced IgE reactivity of the Phl p 7 mutant in comparison to wildtype Phl p 7, and basophil activation assays indicated a significantly reduced allergenic activity. Rabbit IgG directed against mutant rPhl p 7 blocked patients' IgE binding to wildtype Phl p 7, indicating the mutant's potential applicability for immunotherapy. Mass spectrometry and circular dichroism experiments showed that the mutant had lost the calcium-binding capacity, but still represented a folded protein. In silico analyses revealed that the hypoallergenicity might be due to fewer negative charges on the molecule's surface and an increased molecular flexibility. We thus generated a hypoallergenic Phl p 7 variant that could be used for immunotherapy of polcalcin-sensitized individuals.
Evolution of subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (part 1): from first developments to mechanism-driven therapy concepts; Background: Subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT) is the classic causal treatment method for IgE-mediated allergic respiratory disease. A growing understanding of the fundamentals of immunological mechanisms sets the path for further clinical improvement of this treatment. Innovations in SCIT comprise both treatment schedules and new forms of allergen extracts applied. Nonmodified allergen preparations in the form of aqueous or physically coupled (semidepot) extracts, as well as chemically modified allergens (allergoids) are currently on the market for SCIT in Germany. However, to date the clinical documentation of SCIT products in clinical studies is heterogeneous. Methods: A selective literature search was conducted in PubMed and Medline, and recent publications in German-language journals not available in these literature databases were also analyzed. This literature search comprised original and review articles both in German and in English. Results: SCIT is a long-established and well-documented treatment method for inhalant and insect venom allergies, with its efficacy and safety demonstrated in both the adult as well as in the pediatric population. In line with the German Therapy Allergen Ordinance (TAV) several products for SCIT are currently being investigated in clinical trials. Treatment schedules are continuous year-round (perennial), preseasonal, and combined pre-/coseasonal. The initial up-dosing phase can be performed with standard, cluster or rush procedures. SCIT is particularly well established for frequently occurring inhalant allergens such as pollen from grasses, Betula sp. (birch, alder, hazel), house dust mites (Dermatophagoides sp.), and insect venoms (bee and wasp venoms). However, good data are also available for a number of other therapeutic allergens, e.g., weed pollen such as ragweed, mugwort, etc., molds, e.g., Alternaria, Cladosporium, etc., storage mites, and animal dander (e.g., cat). Moreover, further clinical investigations on new indications such as treatment effects on e.g., oral allergy syndrome or atopic dermatitis are currently underway. Conclusion: When adequately administered by physicians with allergological expertise, SCIT preparations are safe, well-tolerated, and clinically effective.
The Importance of Tablet Formulation on Allergen Release Kinetics and Efficiency: Comparison of Freeze-dried and Compressed Grass Pollen Sublingual Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet Formulations; Purpose: Efficient delivery of allergens to the sublingual mucosa is a prerequisite for successful sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for allergy, and in order to become available to immune-competent cells embedded in the sublingual mucosa, allergens need to be delivered in a soluble form. Delivery of solubilized allergens poses a particular challenge for tablet-based allergy immunotherapy, in which allergens are administered under the tongue in the form of dry tablets and need to be dissolved rapidly in a small volume of saliva, with little or no agitation. The purposes of this article were to compare the properties of 2 different pharmaceutical SLIT-tablet formulations, freeze-dried and compressed, and to examine how the tablet formulation affects the efficiency with which allergen is delivered from the dry state of the tablet into soluble form. Methods: Two SLIT-tablet formulations, both indicated for grass pollen allergic rhinitis and containing grass pollen extract as the active ingredient, were examined with regard to tablet disintegration times, allergen dissolution kinetics, dependency on solvent volume and agitation, and the achieved recovery of the grass allergen content in soluble form with each tablet. Findings: The freeze-dried and the compressed SLIT-tablet formulations differed markedly with respect to efficiency of allergen release. The freeze-dried tablet disintegrated faster and released grass allergen into solution with a release rate higher than that of the compressed formulation and, in contrast to the compressed formulation, achieved full recovery of the allergen content in soluble form in a small volume of solvent. Implications: Rapid and complete release of soluble allergen in a small volume of solvent, as demonstrated by the freeze-dried formulation, are key elements of efficient sublingual allergen delivery by SLIT-tablets. Complete allergen release means that the full allergen dose of the tablet is recovered from the tablet and made available to the sublingual immune system in soluble form, and rapid release ensures that the immune system becomes exposed to the highest possible dose of soluble allergen for the maximal duration before swallowing. In contrast, a SLIT-tablet formulation that provides incomplete and slower allergen release will likely require a higher allergen content compared to the more efficient formulation, in order to achieve the same dose of soluble allergen, consequently leading to an excess load of allergen that becomes swallowed without having been made immunologically available.
Aeroallergen sensitivity pattern in poorly controlled asthmatics and its relation to asthma control in a tertiary care setting of central Kerala, India; Introduction: Nasobronchial allergy is an exceedingly common problem in clinical practice. Estimates reveal that the prevalence of nasobronchial allergy is increasing worldwide, including in India. Sensitivity to individual aeroallergens varies depending on geography, genetic and environmental factors. Aim: To identify the sensitivity pattern to common aeroallergens in poorly controlled asthma patients and to correlate asthma severity with sensitivity to specific aeroallergens. Materials and Methods: A prospective cross-sectional study was conducted on out-patients attending the Department of Pulmonary Medicine with a diagnosis of asthma as per GINA guidelines. Patients above seven years with features of asthma were included in the study. The Asthma severity was assessed using the Asthma Control Test (ACT) questionnaire and lung function studies. SPT was performed as per clinical indication. The skin allergy sensitivity patterns were compared in groups as per their disease severity and level of control using Chi-square and Spearman rank correlation. Results: Patients with features of inadequately controlled asthma (ACT score less than 20 and FEV1 less than 80% predicted) showed a higher occurrence of positive reaction in the SPT to multiple aero and food allergens as compared with those having good ACT score and FEV1 >80%. Conclusion: Allergen sensitivity is very common in asthma. House dust mite, fungal allergens and grass pollens were the common allergen sensitisation identified in subjects with poorly controlled asthma. A correlation was seen between inadequately controlled asthma and sensitisation to multiple aeroallergens. So, vigorous allergen screening and allergen immunotherapy must be included in the management protocol of asthma.
Germination of pollen grains in the oesophagus of individuals with eosinophilic oesophagitis; Background: Eosinophilic oesophagitis (EoE) is characterized by oesophageal dysfunction and, histologically, by eosinophilic inflammation. There is no a clear aetiologic treatment. EoE exacerbations are often seasonal. We hypothesized that the inflammatory response of the oesophageal mucosa in patients with high levels of antibodies to pollen allergens and worsened seasonal EoE might be due to swallowing airborne pollen and the intrusion into the oesophageal mucosa of pollen allergens and pollen tubes, which encounter a pH and humidity resembling the stigma at pollination. Objective: The aim of our study was to demonstrate the possible pathogenic role of environmental allergens in EoE through molecular and anatomopathological studies. Methods: One hundred and twenty-nine patients with EoE were tested for environmental and food allergens. Component resolved diagnosis (CRD), histological and botanical analysis was performed. Microscopic examination of oesophageal biopsies of 129 adults patients with EoE, 82 of them with seasonal exacerbation, and 100 controls, with gastroesophageal reflux without eosinophilic infiltrate, were made to verify the presence of callose (polysaccharide abundant in pollen tubes but absent in animal tissues) in the oesophagus. Results: Component resolved diagnosis detected pollen allergens in 87.6% of patients with EoE. The predominant allergens were group 1 grass (55%), Art v 3 (11.3%) and lipid transfer proteins (LTPs) (19.4%) of common Mediterranean foods such as peach, hazelnuts, walnuts and wheat. Callose from pollen tubes was found in 65.6% of biopsies. Conclusion: Alteration of the mucosal barrier in EoE might cause the penetration of pollen grains into the oesophageal tissues. In EoE patients, anatomopathological studies searching for intrusion to plant foods and pollen, and specific-guided diet and immunotherapy after plant structures detection in biopsies, might be effective. Clinical relevance: It is possible to see the intrusion into animal tissues (oesophagus mucosa) of plant structures (pollen grains or pollen tubes) using an adecuate histologic botanical analysis. Molecular and anatomopathological studies can help to demonstrate a possible pathogenic role of environmental allergens in EoE.
Role of IL-35 in sublingual allergen immunotherapy; Background: Grass pollen–specific immunotherapy involves immunomodulation of allergen-specific TH2 responses and induction of IL-10+ and/or TGF-β+CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells (induced Treg cells). IL-35+CD4+CD25+ forkhead box protein 3–negative T (IL-35–inducible regulatory T [iTR35]) cells have been reported as a novel subset of induced Treg cells with modulatory characteristics. Objective: We sought to investigate mechanisms underlying the induction and maintenance of immunologic tolerance induced by IL-35 and iTR35 cells. Methods: The biological effects of IL-35 were assessed on group 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC2s)
Nasal allergen-neutralizing IgG4 antibodies block IgE-mediated responses: Novel biomarker of subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: Grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is associated with induction of serum IgG4-associated inhibitory antibodies that prevent IgE-facilitated allergen binding to B cells. Objective: We sought to determine whether SCIT induces nasal allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies with inhibitory activity that correlates closely with clinical response. Methods: In a cross-sectional controlled study, nasal fluid and sera were collected during the grass pollen season from 10 SCIT-treated patients, 13 untreated allergic patients (with seasonal allergic rhinitis [SAR]), and 12 nonatopic control subjects. Nasal and serum IgE and IgG4 levels to Phleum pratense components were measured by using the Immuno Solid Allergen Chip microarray. Inhibitory activity was measured by IgE-facilitated allergen binding assay. IL-10+ regulatory B cells were quantified in peripheral blood by using flow cytometry. Results: Nasal and serum Phl p 1– and Phl p 5–specific IgE levels were increased in patients with SAR compared to nonatopic control subjects (all, P <.001) and SCIT-treated patients (nasal, P <.001
Two grass pollen tablets commercially available for allergy immunotherapy display different IgE epitope repertoires; Background: The distribution of Pooideae species varies across Europe. Especially, Timothy is less represented in Southern than in Northern Europe. Since allergenic cross-reactivity between pollens from different grasses is only partial, grass pollen-allergic patients are expected to display different sensitization profiles, with specific IgE directed against different combinations of allergenic epitopes, depending on their living places in Europe and the grasses they are exposed to. In this context, this study aimed at comparing two tablets commercially available for allergy immunotherapy, namely a 5-grass (Cocksfoot, Meadow-grass, Rye-grass, Sweet vernal-grass and Timothy) and a 1-grass (Timothy) pollen tablets, for their ability to represent the sensitization profiles of patients, depending on whether they live in Southern or Northern Europe. Methods: Sera were collected from adult patients living in Spain (n = 19) and Sweden (n = 22). Tablets were compared for their ability to inhibit the binding of patient serum IgE to pollen allergens from twelve grasses commonly distributed throughout Europe, as determined by the areas under the curves obtained by ELISA-inhibition. Tablets were adjusted to an equivalent allergenic activity, based on the CBER/FDA bioequivalent allergy unit. Results: Inhibition of the IgE binding to pollen allergens from twelve grasses was significantly stronger with the 5-grass than with the 1-grass pollen tablet (p < 0.0001), regardless of whether patients were considered as a whole or by geographical area. This difference between tablets was significantly greater for Southern than Northern European patients (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Compared to the 1-grass tablet, the 5-grass tablet generally covers better the sensitization profiles of European patients, especially patients from Southern Europe, in principle less exposed to pollen from Timothy than from other grasses. The 5-grass tablet is therefore expected to elicit larger spectra of blocking antibodies, which might have implications in light of the generally accepted mechanisms of allergy immunotherapy.
Strong Dose-response On Immunoglobulin Makers During a Phase II Allergen Immunotherapy Study With Subcutaneously Administered Tyrosine Adsorbed Modified Grass Allergen + MPL; Rationale: The results of this Phase II study [EudraCT 2017-000333-31] evaluated the dose response relationship for a modified grass allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product (1.0 ml) with modified allergen tyrosine adsorbate (MATA) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvants for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) due to grass pollen. Methods: In total 447 patients with grass pollen-induced ARC were enrolled in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study. Patients were randomized to one of five dose regimens of 5100, 14400, 27600 and 35600 SU and placebo. As a secondary endpoint the immunoglobulin markers (total IgE, grass-specific IgE, grass-specific IgG4 and specific IgE/total IgE ratio) were evaluated. Results: For all immunoglobulin markers a strong statistically significant dose-response was shown for a wide range of cumulative doses from 5100 SU to 35600 SU. Grass-specific IgE, grass-specific IgG4 and specific IgE/total IgE ratio demonstrated statistically significant increases compared to placebo for all cumulative doses (P<0.01), including the currently marketed dose of 5100 SU in Europe. Conclusions: An ultra-short course of 6 injections with allergoid grass SCIT treatment with adjuvants MATA and MPL is associated with significant increases in immunoglobulin markers for a wide range of cumulative dose levels indicating a strong therapeutic response.
Long-Term Clinical Effect Of Grass-Allergen Immunotherapy In Local Allergic Rhinitis, And Its Capacity to Modify The Natural Course Of The Disease.; Rationale: Several randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trials have demonstrated the beneficial clinical effect of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in improving symptoms, medication requirements and quality of life of local allergic rhinitis (LAR) patients. This study intends to investigate two new aspects: 1: the long-term clinical effect of AIT after its discontinuation
Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets Do Not Alter Skin Prick Responses During Treatment; Rationale: Unlike conventional immunotherapy, there is no dose escalation when using sublingual immunotherapy tablets. It is unknown if this immediate exposure to target doses of allergen would induce desensitization of mast cells. Inhibition of mast cell degranulation upon provocation with specific allergen is an indicator of desensitization. We hypothesized that desensitization of cutaneous mast cells occurs during Timothy grass or Short Ragweed SL (sublingual) immunotherapy. Methods: Eighteen adult patients with confirmed sensitization to Timothy grass or Short Ragweed pollen were recruited. These subjects were randomized to receive placebo or either Timothy grass or Short Ragweed allergen extract tablets (depending on their sensitivity). Randomization was performed in a double-blinded manner. Titration skin testing to Timothy grass or Short Ragweed, to one additional allergen to which the subject was sensitive, and to codeine (positive control) was performed to determine the provocation concentration causing a 3 mm net wheal diameter (PC3). Skin testing, including histamine and diluent controls, was performed prior to and at 2 and 8 weeks after initiation of SL immunotherapy. PC3 measurements were analyzed with repeated measures ANOVA. Results: No statistically significant differences were seen in the PC3 values before and after treatment with SL immunotherapy to Short Ragweed or Timothy grass vs. placebo at any time point during the study. Conclusions: Lack of significant change in titration skin testing results suggests that desensitization of mast cells does not occur during SL tablet immunotherapy. Other mechanisms may facilitate the clinical response to these allergens during this treatment.
Effect of Sublingual Allergen Specific Immunotherapy in Mono-sensitized Versus Poly-sensitized Patients with Mild Allergic Asthma; Rationale: Efficacy of sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (SLIT) for mild allergic asthma (MAA) patients having various sensitization patterns was assessed. Methods: 104 patients-72 with MAA and 32 healthy subjects were assessed for total IgE level
A Pooled Post-Hoc Analysis of Pre-Treatment Allergen Specific IgE and SLIT-Tablet Efficacy; Rationale: Specific IgE sensitization is a common inclusion criteria in clinical trials evaluating sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets. Our aim was to evaluate the impact of pre-treatment specific IgE levels on clinical efficacy. Methods: Data from 8 placebo-controlled phase III SLIT-tablet clinical trials (allergens: house dust mite, grass, ragweed, tree) were used in the analysis. In two trials, clinical effect was assessed in environmental exposure chambers, remaining trials were confirmatory phase III trials conducted as field studies in North America, Europe and Japan. Presented efficacy analyses are based on the primary efficacy endpoint of each trial and investigate a potential difference in efficacy between subjects with pre-treatment specific IgE (kU/L) ≤3.5 (Class 2) and >3.5 (Class 3/4/5/6). Results: For the active treatment groups, there was no consistent difference in efficacy outcomes between Class 2 and the combined group of Classes 3/4/5/6. In contrast, there was consistent reduced efficacy for Classes 3/4/5/6 over Class 2 in the placebo groups. An intra-Class group analysis comparing Class 2 active with Class 2 placebo, as well as Class 3/4/5/6 active with Class 3/4/5/6 placebo, showed a tendency to a larger treatment effect in subjects with IgE Class >2. Conclusions: For all SLIT-tablet trials included in this analysis we found a tendency of an increased treatment effect vs placebo for subjects with IgE Classes 3/4/5/6, primarily driven by increased symptom and medication scores during the assessment period of Class 3/4/5/6 subjects compared with Class 2 subjects in the placebo group.
Strong Dose-response Using a Conjunctival Provocation Test During a Phase II Allergen Immunotherapy Study With Subcutaneously Administered Tyrosine Adsorbed Modified Grass Allergen + MPL; Rationale: This Phase II study [EudraCT 2017-000333-31] evaluated the dose response relationship for a modified grass subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) product with modified allergen tyrosine adsorbate (MATA) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvants for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) due to grass pollen. Methods: In total 447 patients were enrolled in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study. Patients were randomized to one of five dose regimens of 5100, 14400, 27600 and 35600 SU and placebo. The primary endpoint was the total symptom score (TSS) as measured during a conjunctival provocation test (CPT). Three dose response models were predefined: an Emax, logistic, and linear in log-dose model. MCP-Mod was used to characterize a dose response relationship. Results: For all three individual pre-specified dose response models a highly statistically significant dose-response (p<0.0001) was shown for the range of cumulative doses from 5100 SU to 35600 SU. The dose reaching at least 50% of the full CPT effect size over placebo (ED50) was approximately 2900 SU, in support of the currently marketed cumulative dose of 5100 SU in Europe, which is almost 2-fold higher. All doses evaluated were well tolerated. Conclusions: This study demonstrates a clear and statistically significant dose response on TSS following CPT after an ultra-short course of 6 injections with allergoid grass SCIT treatment with adjuvants MATA and MPL. Both the cumulative 27600 SU and 35600 SU doses showed a similarly optimal risk/benefit profile. Either dose may therefore be selected for further investigation in pivotal phase III studies.
The Class of Fast-Dissolving Tablets for Sublingual Allergen Immunotherapy Induce Comparable Serological IgE and IgG4 Responses; Rationale: Fast dissolving tablets for sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) are now globally available and cover the three major allergies grass, house dust mite and ragweed. This allows for comparative evaluation of immunological responses to treatment on a global scale across SLIT-tablet development programs. Methods: Data collected during 8 placebo-controlled phase III studies covering 2509 patients was used for analysis. In all trials, allergen-specific IgE and IgG4 (sIgE and sIgG4) were measured using ImmunoCAP. Active treatment comprised fast-dissolving Zydis-formulation (SLIT-tablets) for allergic rhinitis and/or allergic asthma due to the following allergens: house dust mite (4 trials), grass (2 trials), and ragweed (2 trials). Results: Across trials and allergens, active treatment groups show comparable levels of changes in immunological responses of sIgE and sIgG4. For all trials, the largest average increase in sIgE was observed within the first three months whereas sIgG4 continuously increased during the first year of treatment. For placebo-treated patients, a minor increase in antibody titers in relevant pollen seasons was observed. Looking at individual measurements, consistency was further demonstrated by similar distribution profiles of changes in sIgE and sIgG4 during the early and late phase of treatment, respectively. Conclusions: During the first year and across trials, changes in sIgE and sIgG4 demonstrate a high level of similarity despite underlying heterogeneity in enrolled patients, tablet treatments and geographical location including Europe, North America and Japan. This indicates a common immunological mechanism for the entire class of fast-dissolving SLIT-tablets.
Association Between Baseline Specific IgE Levels and Adverse Events with Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets; Rationale: Adverse events (AEs) associated with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets used to treat allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma occur at a rate of approximately 57%-83%, most of which are mild-to-moderate. Biomarkers that could identify patients at risk of more severe reactions would be useful. Baseline specific IgE data from 11 trials of timothy grass, ragweed, house dust mite (HDM), and tree SLIT-tablets were evaluated for associations with frequency and severity of first-reported AEs. Methods: Specific IgE (kUA/L) was divided into Class 0/1/2 (<3.5), Class 3 (3.5-17.4), Class 4 (17.5-49), Class 5 (50-99), or Class 6 (≥100). Patients’ first-reported AEs were classified as none, mild, moderate, or severe. Results: Overall, 9187 AEs were reported with SLIT-tablet treatment (n=5298 patients). The percentages of patients with any AE were 51.7%, 62.4%, 64.4%, 64.9%, and 67.5% for baseline IgE Classes 0/1/2, Class 3, Class 4, Class 5, and Class 6, respectively. Most AEs were mild. The percentages of patients with moderate/severe AEs were slightly higher for Classes 5 (11.7%) and 6 (10.6%) versus lower Classes (5.1%-7.9%). Patterns of slightly increasing AE frequency with increasing IgE levels were observed for seasonal SLIT-tablets, whereas AE frequencies with HDM SLIT-tablet were comparable among IgE classes. AE frequency decreased over time, with approximately 80% of AEs occurring by week 5. Conclusions: The magnitude of baseline specific IgE corresponds with the frequency of AEs and appears to be a class effect of seasonal SLIT-tablets. The majority of AEs are mild and high IgE is not clearly associated with severe AEs. AE frequency decreases over time.
Possible sources of Bermuda sensitization in Timothy grass allergic subjects; Rationale: Timothy and Bermuda grasses are associated with allergic rhinitis and asthma, worldwide. Timothy grass flourishes in temperate climates in northern parts of North America and Europe. Alternatively, Bermuda grass is a sub-tropical lawn grass and a widespread allergen in the southern United States. Although exposure to Bermuda grass in Ontario is non-existent due to the colder temperatures, we have observed a high frequency of skin sensitization to both grasses. We sought to investigate routes of sensitization to Bermuda grass in individuals with a positive skin-prick test to both Bermuda and Timothy grass. Methods: Participants (18 or older) assessed by the Allergy Research Unit in Kingston, Ontario with dual positive skin-prick tests to both Timothy grass and Bermuda grass were contacted by telephone to complete a survey determining likely routes of sensitization. Participants were questioned about their travel and residence history to help determine the likelihood of exposure and thus possible route of sensitization to these types of grasses. Results: 100 participants qualified and responded to the survey. 85% had never lived outside of Canada for more than 1 year and only 6% had lived in the United States for at least 6 months. 21% had lived outside of Canada and United States for 3 months to 5 years. Conclusions: Prior exposure to common regions where Bermuda grass flourishes is not a prerequisite to develop sensitization to this grass. This could suggest a stronger degree of cross-reactivity between Timothy and Bermuda grass than previously believed, with implications for personalized immunotherapy.
Persistent regulatory T-cell response 2 years after 3 years of grass tablet SLIT: Links to reduced eosinophil counts, sIgE levels, and clinical benefit; Background: In the first 2 years of grass tablet sublingual immunotherapy treatment, we have previously demonstrated a progressive development of a regulatory T-cell response, which was preceded by an early decrease in the frequency of both IL-4+ cells and sIgE levels. A progressive increase in sIgG4 levels and FAB blockage were also found. Methods: By monitoring immunological kinetics during 3 years of active treatment + 2 years of follow-up, we aimed to identify key immunological parameters that could explain sustained clinical benefit of grass tablet sublingual immunotherapy. Results: Thirty patients completed the 5-year clinical trial protocol. Although individual responses were heterogeneous, reduction in both sIgE and circulating IL-4+ cells compared to the initial 1- to 4-month peak was maintained throughout the 3-year treatment period and for 2 years after discontinuation. Meanwhile, after a 2-year increase in sIgG4, the levels were stabilized during the third year and decreased post-therapy. FAB inhibition remained significantly inhibited throughout the study compared to preimmunotherapy in 83% of patients. A sustained regulatory T-cell response, after IT cessation, occurs in two-thirds of the patients. There was a statistical association between this regulatory response, the maintenance of lower eosinophil counts during grass pollen seasons, and sIgE titers lower than before immunotherapy treatment, and the latter were significantly associated with clinical response. Conclusion: Our results suggest that the immunological mechanisms underlying the sustained response after 2 years of cessation of immunotherapy (3-year treatment period) are linked to the acquisition and maintenance of a regulatory T-cell response.
Intralymphatic Immunotherapy: Update and Unmet Needs; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the only allergy treatment that confers long-term symptom amelioration for patients suffering from allergy. The most frequently used allergen application route is subcutaneous injection (SCIT), commonly taken as the gold standard, followed by sublingual (SLIT) or oral (OIT) application of allergen preparations. This is an up-to-date review of the clinical evidence for a novel route of allergen application, i.e., directly into lymph nodes - intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT). The major advantages of ILIT over the current AIT approaches are its short duration and the low allergen doses administered. The whole treatment consists of merely 3 ultrasound-guided injections into inguinal lymph nodes 1 month apart. While the number of patients included in randomised controlled trials is still limited, the clinical results for ILIT are encouraging, but more clinical trials are needed, as well as more preclinical work for optimising formulations.
Prevention of allergen-induced gut and lung inflammation in humanized mice by depletion of natural killer cells prior to PBMC transfer; Recently, we have developed a humanized mouse model of allergen-induced IgE-dependent gut and lung inflammation in PBMC-engrafted immunodeficient mice. As natural killer (NK) cells have been shown to promote allergen sensitization, type-2 immune responses and airway hyperreactivity, the aim of the present study was to investigate the impact of NK cells in this model. Therefore, NOD-scid-γc-/- mice were injected intraperitoneally with human PBMC or NK cell-depleted PBMC from highly sensitized birch or grass pollen allergic donors together with the respective allergen or with NaCl as control. After an additional allergen boost one week later, mice were challenged with the allergen rectally on day 21 and gut inflammation was monitored by video mini-endoscopy evaluating translucency, granularity, fibrin production, vascularity, and stool. Then, mice were further challenged intranasally on two subsequent days and airway inflammation was measured by invasive body plethysmography and by histology. Allergen-specific human IgE in mouse sera, if detectable after co-injection of the respective allergen, was reduced in mice being injected with NK cell-depleted PBMC compared to mice which received non-depleted PBMC. Additionally, allergen-induced IgE-dependent colitis, airway resistance and mucus-producing goblet cells were significantly inhibited in these mice. Importantly, infiltration of the colon and lung with human CD45+ cells was similar in all groups. These results demonstrate that allergen-specific intestinal and airway inflammation in PBMC-engrafted humanized mice can be diminished by depletion of NK cells prior to PBMC transfer, which may be of great interest for therapeutic intervention of allergic diseases.
How to do a clinical trial? Recommendations from the aerobiological point of view; Background: Allergy immunotherapy is still the only treatment of pollen allergy, providing a long-term effect. Clinical trials with pollen allergic patients are in need of validated, high quality pollen data and forecasts in order to grant comparability and to adhere to scientific standards. The aerobiological part of clinical trials remained hitherto not well defined, leaving the definition and use of pollen and forecast data more or less open. Methods: Pollen data of eight Austrian pollen-monitoring stations were selected and used as an example to present a new method of pollen data replacement, in case of station failure. Gower's similarity provides an objective calculation based on a defined time frame and a specific aeroallergen (for example birch, grass, mugwort and ragweed). Results: The ideal planning of the aerobiological part of a clinical trial with a pollen extract is described in detail with specific recommendations concerning site selection, pollen and forecast data, definition of the pollen season, and risk management. A checklist for every clinical trial with an aerobiological part was developed. Conclusion: Virtual biogeographic regions are beneficial due to their objective establishment, and can be integrated into clinical trials. Pollen data is not the same as forecast data. Both datasets have to be critically evaluated by trained aerobiologists before they are used in clinical trials. Therefore, only institutions with aerobiological knowledge, at best ISO-certified, should be involved in clinical trials and handle the aerobiological tasks.
The growing importance of real-life studies in allergen immunotherapy; Real-life studies offer the opportunity of obtaining outcomes suitable in clinical practice, as controlled trials do not mirror the real patients’ population observed in clinical practice. This concept is particularly appropriate for allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Therefore, the current review will present and discuss the most recent and relevant studies published on this topic. Globally, 15 real-life studies on AIT efficacy are available until now, the total of patients amounts to 9090, with an average number of 699 patients per study. This high number significantly decreases the possibility that the observations from real-life study are casual, and confers to such studies a key role in the next years to assess issues other than efficacy and safety, especially those scantly investigated thus far.
Thunderstorm-triggered asthma: What we know so far; Thunderstorm-triggered asthma (TA) is the occurrence of acute asthma attacks immediately following a thunderstorm. Epidemics have occurred across the world during pollen season and have the capacity to rapidly inundate a health care service, resulting in potentially catastrophic outcomes for patients. TA occurs when specific meteorological and aerobiological factors combine to affect predisposed patients. Thunderstorm outflows can concentrate aeroallergens, most commonly grass pollen in TA, at ground level to release respirable allergenic particles after rupture by osmotic shock related to humidity and rainfall. Inhalation of high concentrations of these aeroallergens by sensitized individuals can induce early asthmatic responses which are followed by a late inflammatory phase. Other environmental factors such as rapid temperature change and agricultural practices contribute to the causation of TA. The most lethal TA event occurred in Melbourne, Australia, in 2016. Studies on the affected individuals found TA to be associated with allergic rhinitis, ryegrass pollen sensitization, pre-existing asthma, poor adherence to inhaled corticosteroid preventer therapy, hospital admission for asthma in the previous year and outdoor location at the time of the storm. Patients without a prior history of asthma were also affected. These factors are important in extending our understanding of the etiology of TA and associated clinical indicators as well as possible biomarkers which may aid in predicting those at risk and thus those who should be targeted in prevention campaigns. Education on the importance of recognizing asthma symptoms, adherence to asthma treatment and controlling seasonal allergic rhinitis is vital in preventing TA. Consideration of allergen immunotherapy in selected patients may also mitigate risk of future TA. Epidemic TA events are predicted to increase in frequency and severity with climate change, and identifying susceptible patients and preventing poor outcomes is a key research and public health policy priority.
Allergy immunotherapies for allergic rhinitis: Systematic review and assessment of evolving quality; Background. Heterogeneity in the design and quality of trials evaluating allergy immunotherapies (AITs) limits their comparability, making it difficult for physicians, patients, and payers to select the best treatment option. Methods. This systematic review evaluated the quality of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of registered grass AITs using the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence checklist. Results. 17 of 44 unique RCTs (38.6%) (sample size range: 18-1,501 subjects) were subcutaneous grass immunotherapy trials and 27 (61.4%) were sublingual grass immunotherapy trials (Allergovit, 5 trials
Isoforms of group 1 allergens from a tropical/ subtropical para grass (Urochloa mutica) display different levels of igE reactivity and cross-reactivity; Group 1 grass pollen allergens, or beta-expansins, are the most important major allergens from tropical/subtropical grasses. This study aimed to investigate the sequence similarity and immunoreactivity of group 1 allergens from para grass (Urochloa mutica). Three isoforms (Uro m 1.01, Uro m 1.02, and Uro m 1.03) were cloned from cDNA of para grass pollen. The acidic-neutral isoforms rUro m 1.01 and rUro m 1.02 could effectively inhibited beta-expansins in pollen extract of Bermuda and Johnson grasses, suggesting that these isoforms could be major cross-reacting allergens among these grasses. In contrast, the basic isoform rUro m 1.03 had limited IgE reactivity. Thus, group 1 allergens both acidic-neutral and basic isoforms could have markedly different IgE reactivity.
Randomized immunotherapy trial in dual-allergic patients using “active allergen placebo” as control; Background: Placebo control in allergen immunotherapy (AIT) trials presents ethical and blinding concerns. We tested a trial design with an “active allergen placebo,” as proposed by ARIA-GA2LEN, to investigate in a double-blind trial the efficacy and safety of AIT in dual-allergic patients (grass and birch pollen) using active untargeted treatments as controls. Methods: We randomized 95 patients to receive either grass (N = 47) or birch AIT (N = 48). Patients were exposed to both allergens in an allergen challenge chamber (ACC) before and after 9 months of AIT. Targeted (ACC-allergen = AIT-allergen) and untargeted (ACC-allergen ≠ AIT-allergen) treatment effects were assessed. Results: Immunotherapy reduced significantly the mean (95% confidence interval) area under the curve of total nasal symptom score (targeted effects) by −13.55 (−17.56, −9.54
The effect of allergen immunotherapy on serum periostin levels in children with allergic rhinitis; Objective: Periostin, an extracellular matrix protein, is related to the eosinophilic airway inflammation. There is no specific marker in allergen immunotherapy to evaluate clinical response. We aimed to investigate the serum periostin levels in the children who receive allergen immunotherapy. Materials and Methods: Sixteen patients between 8-18 years (12.7±2.8 years) with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass pollen hypersensitivity and 30 healthy subjects (11.7±2.6 years) were included. Demographic data, eosinophil counts, skin prick tests and the specific IgE levels of the patients are recorded. Symptom scores, visual analog scales, medication scores were determined and the serum periostin levels were measured in the beginning, 4th and 12th months of the allergen immunotherapy. Results: The symptom scores for rhinitis in the 4th month showed significant improvements in all of the patients (p<0.05). Nine patients with allergic rhinitis accompanied by asthma, showed significant improvements in 12th month symptom score for asthma (p=0.018). A significant correlation was detected between the initial serum periostin levels and the symptom scores for the eye (r=0.668, p=0.005). No significant difference was found in serum periostin levels between the patient and the control groups. There were no significant differences in serum periostin levels in 4th and 12th months compared to the ones in the beginning. Conclusion: In this study, there were no significant differences in serum periostin levels of children during the allergen immunotherapy. The association of serum periostin levels with symptom scores for the eye needs to be confirmed in more children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
Smoking history is negatively associated with allergen specific immunotherapy efficacy: A retrospective analysis; Introduction: Allergen specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the only treatment modifying the course of the disease in patients allergic to airborne allergens. It has been proven to be effective in allergic populations, however individual patients vary in terms of response to the therapy. Aim: To assess the factors that might affect the efficacy of AIT. Material and methods: Patients treated with AIT for grass pollen or house dust mites were included. The efficacy of AIT was assessed with the use of Allergy Control Score (ACS), performed before and at least 1 year after AIT. The following variables were assessed as potential risk factors for a worse response to AIT: age, gender, type of allergy, type of allergen, type of vaccine, type of AIT and smoking history. Results: The study group consisted of 145 subjects. AIT was effective in the entire group
Sensitization to aeroallergens in patients with allergic rhinitis in Aguascalientes, Mexico; Background: Allergic rhinitis is the most common allergic disease worldwide and it is caused by a reaction of hypersensitivity to aeroallergens. To our knowledge, there aren't any previous studies of aeroallergenic sensitization in Aguascalientes, Mexico. Objective: To describe the sensitization to aeroallergens in patients with allergic rhinitis who have been treated at a private clinic in Aguascalientes, Mexico. Methods: A descriptive, cross-sectional and retrospective study was done in which patients diagnosed with allergic rhinitis were included. Skin prick tests with 32 allergenic extracts were carried out and the frequencies at each were determined. Results: In total, 350 patients were analyzed. The most frequent aeroallergens were grass pollens (74.8%), followed by tree pollens (64.8%) and dust mites Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (64%). The group of patients under 20 years of age was predominant (67.1%), followed by the group of 21 to 40 years old (22.5%) Conclusion: This research provides information about regional patterns of sensitization, which shall facilitate diagnostic tests in the region and the best practices of specific immunotherapy.
Allergen component testing - a new era in diagnostics of patients with pollen allergy; OBJECTIVE: Introduction: Pollen allergy, also called hay fever or pollinosis, is referred to the most widespread allergic diseases. According to different sources, from 5 to 34% of the population in developed countries are likely to suffer from this condition. Moreover, the majority of patients are young people of working age The aim: To demonstrate a practical decision of the choice of effective treatment tactics based on component testing in patients with pollen allergy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Materials and methods: 126 рatients with allergic rhinitis / conjunctivitis were randomly selected according to their primary visit during the first week in August of the current year. Among them, 53 (42.0%) female and 73 (58.0%) male, aged 22-47 years. General laboratory and instrumental investigations, skin prick test with allergen extracts (Diater, Spain), measurement of total serum and specific IgE by immunoenzymatic assay method using test system "Euroimmun" were performed. Immunofluorescent methodImmunoCap (Thermo Scientific, Uppsala, Swiss) was used to detect specific components of allergens. The material of investigation was blood serum. RESULTS: Results: According to the results of skin prick-test, 50% of patients could receive allergen immunotherapy with two different extracts of allergens "Mixture of Weeds" and "Mixture of Grass". On molecular investigations, it was detected that this combination was not suitable for any patient (20% of individuals had genuine sensitization to allergens of grass pollen, including a marker of cross-reactive molecules, 30% of individuals were sensitized with genuine allergens of Artemisia and/or ambrosia). CONCLUSION: Conclusions: Based on skin prick-test and molecular diagnostics, the doctor makes a completely different decision on the choice of extracts for allergen immunotherapy conduction. Component determination of a sensitized profile and high sensitivity of this method enables to reveal a genuine protein, which is the primary cause of allergy occurrence and administer etiotropic allergen-specific immunotherapy with the allergen, to which sensitization was detected.
Year-round treatment initiation for a 6-grasses pollen allergoid in specific immunotherapy of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is an effective treatment for allergic diseases. We investigate whether treatment-initiation during the pollen season is safe. Methods: RCT-IIIb-trial of 6-grass-pollen-allergoid (Allergovit®) in grass pollen-allergic patients (18-65 years) with moderate-severe rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis (± controlled asthma), randomized 2:1 to treatment-initiation during (Group-A) versus outside the pollen season (Group-B). Results: Of 240 patients (32.8 ± 9.9 years, 19.5% asthma) treated, 84.9% (Group-A) and 86.6% (Group-B) reached maintenance dose without delay. Treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 108 (68.4%/Group-A) and 41 patients (56.2%/Group-B) leading to premature trial-termination in 11 patients (7%/A) versus 3 (4.1%/B). Across groups, physicians (for 190 patients
Prolonged effect of allergen sublingual immunotherapy to grass pollen; Background: The prolonged effect of allergen immunotherapy is unknown, especially in older patients. Objective: The three-year effect of sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) to grass pollen on elderly patients with allergic rhinitis was analyzed. Methods: Thirty-eight elderly patients (63.18 ± 3.12 yrs.) underwent AIT to grass pollen, were monitored for three years and were compared to a placebo group. AIT was performed with the use of an oral Staloral 300 SR grass extract (Stallergens Greer, London, UK) or a placebo. Symptoms and medication scores, represented by the average adjusted symptom score (AAdSS), the serum level of IgG4 to Phl p5 and the quality of life were assessed immediately after AIT and three years later. Results: After AIT, the AAdSS was significantly decreased and remained lower than in the placebo group during the three years after AIT. Serum-specific IgG4 against Phl p5 increased during the AIT trial in the study group. For the three years of observation after AIT, there were no significant changes in specific IgG4 levels against the analyzed allergens in comparison to the results immediately after AIT. The quality of life, based on the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire, was significantly decreased in patients who received AIT, from 1.83 (95%CI: 1.45–1.96) to 0.74 (95%CI: 0.39–1.92) (p < 0.05) to 0.82 (95%CI: 0.45– 1.04) three years after AIT. Conclusion: A prolonged positive effect after AIT to grass pollen was observed in elderly patients with allergic rhinitis. Further trials are needed to confirm this effect.
Ragweed allergy immunotherapy tablet MK-3641 (Ragwitek®) for the treatment of allergic rhinitis; Introduction: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is among the most common chronic conditions affecting both children and adults. It is the cause of significant morbidity from the symptoms and interference with sleep. It results in major impairment of performance both at school and at work. In the U.S. and certain parts of Europe, ragweed pollen is a major cause of seasonal AR. In 2014, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved a sublingual ragweed tablet (MK-3641) for use in adults with ragweed-induced AR. Areas covered: This paper will review the impact of ragweed-induced AR and available treatments including subcutaneous immunotherapy and studies with MK-3641. The principal search method was PubMed. Expert commentary: One dosing finding, two 28-day safety and two 52-week safety and efficacy studies have been conducted with MK-3641. The 12-U (12μg Amb a 1) tablet was the most effective. Local application site reactions were common but usually not serious. Only one, non-serious systemic reaction was reported in four safety studies. MK-3641 is a safe and effective treatment for ragweed-pollen-induced AR when treatment is initiated ≥ 12 weeks prior to the onset of the ragweed pollen season.
Epicutaneous immunotherapy in rhino-conjunctivitis and food allergies: A review of the literature; Background: Epicutaneous immunotherapy (EPIT) is a new way of allergen administration that has a high rate of adherence and safety. The aim of this manuscript is to review clinical trials on EPIT for respiratory and food allergies published in the last 10 years, taking into account how different variables (i.e., dose, patch application duration, skin preparation, and efficacy and safety evaluation) have influenced study results. Main body: From a review of the literature, we identified eight placebo-controlled, double-blind trials conducted on children and adults, including four studies on grass pollen rhino-conjunctivitis, one on cow's milk allergy and three on peanut allergy. Different methods for skin pre-treatment, such as skin abrasion and tape stripping or stratum corneous hydration by an occlusive system, different endpoints and cumulative allergen doses, and different durations of patch application and tape stripping, were used in the rhino-conjunctivitis studies. A visual analogue system was used for the efficacy evaluation. Several local skin reactions (eczema) and some systemic adverse reactions were reported at higher rates in the active group compared to placebo in one study, but this was not shown by other authors. Local eczema reactions were correlated to the times for applying the tape stripping, while systemic side effects were correlated to the deepness of scraping. In the food allergy trials, differences in the food challenge thresholds, endpoints and allergen sites of the cutaneous patch application influenced the study results. A slight dose-dependent efficacy was found in the peanut allergy studies, which was confirmed by a more significant increase in the following progressive open study. Few adverse events and high adherence in all of the food allergen trials were reported. Conclusions: Overall, the EPIT study results, even if they were affected by great heterogeneity among the methodologies applied, have shown not only the high safety and adherence with this kind of immunotherapy but also suggested the possibility for obtaining definitive evidence of the efficacy of EPIT, especially for food allergies.
Sublingual allergen immunotherapy for respiratory allergy: A systematic review; The objective of the systematic review is to provide complete and updated information on efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) formulations for the treatment of allergic respiratory diseases (ARDs). The literature search was conducted on PubMed database, involving double-blind, randomized clinical trials published between January 1992 and 2018, written in English, and performed in humans. The number of articles finally selected for review was 112. Data from the majority of properly controlled clinical trials demonstrate that SLIT is effective not only with short-term use (first year) but also with long-term use (up to the third year of active therapy), for treating ARDs in children and adults. Both continuous and discontinuous schemes of administration showed significant reductions in symptom and medication scores. Moreover, a SLIT-induced disease-modifying effect has been documented mainly with grass pollen extracts, since improvement is maintained during at least 2 years of follow-up after a 3-year treatment period. Additionally, allergen immunotherapy should also be considered a preventive strategy, especially for decreasing bronchial asthma incidence in children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis treated with SLIT. This therapy is also safe, producing only a few mainly local and mild-to-moderate adverse events, and usually self-limited in time. The registration and authorization of allergen SLIT preparations (grasses and house-dust mite tablets) as drugs by regulatory agencies, such as the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA), has represented a landmark in allergy immunotherapy research. Further long-term studies, specially designed with allergens other than grass pollen or house-dust mites, not only in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis but also on asthmatic subjects, as well as studies comparing different administration schedules and/or routes, are required in order to continue the progress in the modern development of this particularly promising therapy.
SERUM IGE REACTIVITY TO CROSS-REACTING MOLECULES IN POLLEN ALLERGIC PATIENTS FROM NORTH EASTERN POLAND; Introduction: Presence of IgE which cross-react with allergen components such as profilins, polcalcins and cross-reacting carbohydrate determinants (CCD) creates a problem in selection of patients for allergen immunotherapy. This study assesses the prevalence of sensitization to profilins, polcalcins and CCDs in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients (ARs). Methods: 112 allergic rhinitis (AR) patients age 14 to 55 years with sensitization to at least one seasonal allergen (IgE>0.7 KU/l) were studied. IgE sensitization to recombinant(r) Bet v 2, rPhl p 12, rBet v 4, rPhl p 7 and CCDs in addition to rBet v 1, rPhl p 1, rPhl p 5 was evaluated using a multiplex immunoblot (Euroimmun, Germany). Results: 64.3%, 80.4% and 41.1% of AR patients were sensitized to birch, timothy grass and mugwort pollen, respectively. Sensitization to rBet v 2/Phl p 12 occured in 26.8%, to Bet v 4/Phl p 7 in 8.9%, and to CCDs in 25%. In 29.3% of AR patients serum IgE reactivity to any of the cross-reactive component could be demonstrated. Serum IgE reactivity to rBet v 2 was always accompanied by reactivity to rPhl p 12 and reactivity to rBet v 4 was always accompanied by reactivity to rPhl p 7. Conclusions: Evaluation of serum IgE reactivity to cross-reactive components may be useful in assessment of AR patients qualified for allergen immunotherapy.
IL-35 induces IL-10 producing Regulatory B cells in immunotherapy treated patients; Objectives: Allergen Immunotherapy involves repeated administration of high dosage allergen extracts to allergic individuals to provide symptom relief and increased quality of life. Recent data highlights the importance of IL-10-producing allergen-specific regulatory B cells (Bregs) in contributing to allergen tolerance. We hypothesized that IL-10+ allergen-specific B regulatory cells (Bregs) are dysregulated in grass pollen allergic (SAR) compared to Non-Atopic (NA) individuals and are restored following grass pollen allergen immunotherapy (AIT). We further hypothesized that rhIL-35 induces IL-10 production in SAR, NA and AIT individuals. Method: PBMCs were obtained from SAR, NA and AIT individuals (n = 12
An in vitro assay to screen Toll-like Receptor agonists as potential adjuvants in allergen immunotherapy; Objectives: A Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) agonist has been shown to enhance tolerance induction in allergen immunotherapy (AIT) through promotion of Th1 mediated immunity in response to allergens. We hypothesised that synthetic agonists targeting TLR2/1 and TLR7 can modulate type II allergic inflammation to a more favourable type I immune response. To test this, we developed a model for screening TLR agonists in vitro. Method: PBMCs were obtained from grass pollen induced seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) patients or non-atopic (NA) volunteers. Effects of TLR7 agonist Resiquimod were assessed in PBMCs using Luminex MagPix assay for IFNα production. Levels of IL-10 production from PBMCs stimulated with TLR2/1 agonist Pam3CSK4 were assessed via ELISA. Effects of Pam3CSK4 and Phleum pratense (Phlp) on PBMC proliferation were measured using 3H-Thymidine incorporation assay. Levels of Th1, Th2 and Tregs cytokines were measured using Luminex MagPix. Results: Resiquimod induced IFNα in a dose-dependent manner in freshly isolated, but not cryopreserved PBMCs. Resiquimod induced IFNα production in NA PBMCs peaking at 1 μM (P = 0.031) with a pEC50 of 7.25 at 24 hours, which was unaffected by Phlp. Pam3CSK4 induced IL-10 production in NA PBMCs peaked at 0.66 μM (P = 0.031) with a pEC50 of 8.46 at 24 hours, which was unaffected by Phlp. Proliferation induced by Phlp in SAR PBMCs was suppressed by co-culture with Pam3CSK4, with the drug alone also inducing proliferation. Pam3CSK4 promoted IL-27 and IL-10 production in SAR and NA patients, while reducing Phlp induced IL-5 production in SAR PBMCs by 75%. Conclusions: We have established an in vitro assay that is capable of screening TLR agonists for efficacy in altering PBMC responses from grass-pollen SAR patients to Phlp. We report for the first time that TLR2/1 agonist Pam3CSK4 can reduce Phlp induced IL-5 in vitro and highlights TLR2/1 agonists as potential adjuvants for AIT.
COST-EFFECTIVENESS OF THE SQ® GRASS SUBLINGUAL IMMUNOTHERAPY (SLIT) TABLET IN A PAEDIATRIC POPULATION; Objectives: To establish the cost-effectiveness of the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet for the treatment of allergic rhinitis including endpoints showing reduction of comorbid asthma symptoms and medication use in a paediatric population using data from a five-year clinical trial (EudraCT: 2009-011235-12). Methods: The cost-effectiveness analysis included two treatment arms: the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet plus symptom relieving medication and symptom relieving medication only. A Markov model including four health states was developed: mild AR
Study on immunotherapy safety: Clinical practice in allergy outpatient care; Background: Immunotherapy with specific allergens is the only immune system-modifying treatment for allergic disease. Objective: To identify the prevalence of adverse reactions during the subcutaneous immunotherapy initiation phase in real-life conditions and possible associated risk factors. Methods: One-year retrospective, observational study. Epidemiological characteristics of 481 patients, type of immunotherapy used and adverse reactions were recorded. Results: 16.8% of patients suff ered atopic dermatitis, 8.9% food allergy, 4% drug allergy and 7.3 % had experienced idiopathic urticaria. Grass pollen was the main allergen. In polysensitized patients, the use of polymerized extracts that contained grasses in their composition was higher (89.2%) than that of native extracts (78.9%). A total of 1292 doses of specific immunotherapy were administered: 881 polymerized extracts and 411 depot extracts
Allergen immunotherapy in people, dogs, cats and horses – differences, similarities and research needs; In human patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis sensitized to grass pollen, the first successful allergen immunotherapy (AIT) was reported in 1911. Today, immunotherapy is an accepted treatment for allergic asthma, allergic rhinitis and hypersensitivities to insect venom. AIT is also used for atopic dermatitis and recently for food allergy. Subcutaneous, epicutaneous, intralymphatic, oral and sublingual protocols of AIT exist. In animals, most data are available in dogs where subcutaneous AIT is an accepted treatment for atopic dermatitis. Initiating a regulatory response and a production of “blocking” IgG antibodies with AIT are similar mechanisms in human beings and dogs with allergic diseases. Although subcutaneous immunotherapy is used for atopic dermatitis in cats, data for its efficacy are sparse. There is some evidence for successful treatment of feline asthma with AIT. In horses, most studies evaluate the effect of AIT on insect hypersensitivity with conflicting results although promising pilot studies have demonstrated the prophylaxis of insect hypersensitivity with recombinant antigens of biting midges (Culicoides spp.). Optimizing AIT using allergoids, peptide immunotherapy, recombinant allergens and new adjuvants with the different administration types of allergen extracts will further improve compliance and efficacy of this proven treatment modality.
An observational cohort study of the use of five-grass-pollen extract sublingual immunotherapy during the 2015 pollen season in France; Background: Allergic rhinitis affects around one quarter of the Western European population. Prophylactic allergen immunotherapy may be useful to reduce the risk of acute symptomatic attacks (hayfever). A five-grass pollen extract sublingual immunotherapy (5GPE-SLIT) has been developed for the treatment of allergic rhinitis to grass pollen. The objective of this study was to describe real-world treatment patterns with 5GPE-SLIT in France with respect to the prescribing information. Methods: This prospective cohort study was conducted by 90 community and hospital allergists. Adults and children (> 5 years old) starting a first treatment with 5GPE-SLIT prior to the 2015 pollen season were eligible. Data was collected at the inclusion visit and at the end of the pollen season. The primary outcome variable was compatibility of 5GPE-SLIT prescription with the prescribing information. This was determined with respect to four variables: (1) interval between 5GPE-SLIT initiation and onset of the pollen season ≥ 3 months, (2) age of patient ≥ 5 years, (3) intermittent symptoms or mild symptom severity (4) confirmatory diagnostic test. At study end, symptoms reported during the pollen season and any modifications to treatment or adverse events were documented. Results: 280 adults and 203 children were enrolled. The prescribing information was respected for 82.5% of adults and 86.7% of children. A skin test was performed for all patients. 5GPE-SLIT was started 3-5 months before the pollen season for 85.3%. Treatment was discontinued before the start of the pollen season in 11.0% of patients overall, generally because of an adverse event (78.8% of discontinuations). The mean duration of treatment was 5.2 months in adults and 5.6 months in children. At the end of follow-up, symptoms during the pollen season were intermittent for 75.0% of adults and 85.7% of children, and severity was mild for 61.8 and 66.0% respectively. During 5GPE-SLIT, the following symptoms reported during the previous year were not reported again in > 50% of patients: nasal congestion, rhinorrhoea, repeated sneezing, conjunctivitis and nasal pruritus. Conclusions: 5GPE-SLIT use was generally consistent with prescribing recommendations and was associated with an improvement of AR severity, with resolution of the principal AR symptoms in around half the patients treated. Trial registration EUPAS9358. Registered 13 May 2015. Not prospectively registered. http://www.encepp.eu/encepp/viewResource.htm?id=16229
New approaches to allergen immunotherapy; Objective: New insights into mechanisms should enable strategic improvement of allergen immunotherapy, aiming to make it safer, faster, more effective, and able to induce long-term tolerance. We review novel approaches with potential to translate into clinical use. Data Sources: Database searches were conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar. Study Selections: Search terms were based on current and novel approaches in immunotherapy. Literature was selected primarily from recent randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trials and meta-analyses. Results: Alum, microcrystalline tyrosine, and calcium phosphate are adjuvants in current use. Toll-like receptor-4 agonists combined with allergen have potential to shorten duration of treatment. Other novel adjuvants, nanoparticles, and virus-like particles in combination with allergen have shown early promise. Omalizumab lessens systemic side effects but does not improve efficacy. Intralymphatic immunotherapy for aeroallergens, epicutaneous immunotherapy for food allergens, and use of modified allergens (allergoids), recombinant allergens (and hypoallergenic variants), and T- and B-cell peptide approaches have shown evidence of efficacy and permitted shortened courses but have only rarely been compared with conventional extracts. Conclusion: Novel routes of immunotherapy, use of modified allergens, and combination of allergens with immunostimulatory adjuvants or immune modifiers have been developed to augment downregulation of T-helper cell type 2 immunity and/or induce “protective” blocking antibodies. Although these strategies have permitted shortened courses, confirmatory phase 3 trials are required to confirm efficacy and safety and head-to-head trials are required for comparative efficacy. Currently, subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapies using in-house standardized crude extracts remain the only approaches proved to induce long-term tolerance.
Positive and negative AIT trials: What makes the difference?; Background: Allergen immunotherapy has proven to be efficacious in allergic rhinitis and asthma. However, results from randomised clinical trials may vary substantially. Clinical trials may unexpectedly fail. The purpose of this review is to discuss the possible factors that may contribute to a successful or unsuccessful study. Methods: Descriptive review exploring the possible causes of negative outcomes in allergen immunotherapy trials. Results: A series of factors may lead to negative results. Among of these are underpowering of the study, low allergen content in tested extracts, insufficient allergen exposure during monitoring and recruitment of inappropriate patients. In addition, the choice of the primary endpoint may be critical. Discussion: A clinical trial aims to evaluate the efficacy of an agent. However, studies with potential effective compounds may fail because of methodical issues. Sometimes, they are the cause of discrepancies between successful phase II and unsuccessful phase III trials. To understand more about failure of studies, investigators and editors should be encouraged to publish negative trials.
Role of sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of asthma: An updated systematic review; Background: The purpose of the systematic review is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for the treatment of allergic asthma. Methods: PubMed, Embase, and CENTRAL databases were searched, updating an earlier review (January 1, 2005 through May 8, 2017). Randomized, controlled studies (RCTs) were included, which reported one of the prespecified outcomes: asthma symptoms measured by control composite scores
Short course of grass allergen peptides immunotherapy over 3 weeks reduces seasonal symptoms in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma: A randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Immunotherapy with peptide hydrolysates from Lolium perenne (LPP) is an alternative treatment for seasonal allergic rhinitis with or without asthma. The aim of this study was to assess the clinical efficacy and safety of a cumulative dose of 170 μg LPP administered subcutaneously over 3 weeks. Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 554 adults with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized (1:2 ratio) to receive 8 subcutaneous injections of placebo or 170 μg LPP administered in increasing doses in 4 visits over 3 weeks. The primary outcome was the combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) measured over the peak pollen season. Reactivity to conjunctival provocation test (CPT) and quality of life (QOL) was assessed as secondary endpoints. Results: The mean reduction in CSMS in the LPP vs placebo group was −15.5% (P =.041) during the peak period and −17.9% (P =.029) over the entire pollen season. LPP-treated group had a reduced reactivity to CPT (P <.001) and, during the pollen season, a lower rhinoconjunctivitis QOL global score (P =.005) compared with placebo group. Mostly mild and WAO grade 1 early systemic reaction (ESR) were observed ≤30 minutes in 10.5% of LPP-treated patients, whereas 3 patients with a medical history of asthma (<1%) experienced a serious ESR that resolved with rescue medication. Conclusion: Lolium perenne pollen peptides administered over 3 weeks before the grass pollen season significantly reduced seasonal symptoms and was generally safe and well-tolerated.
Safety and efficacy of immunotherapy with the recombinant B-cell epitope–based grass pollen vaccine BM32; Background: BM32 is a grass pollen allergy vaccine based on recombinant fusion proteins consisting of nonallergenic peptides from the IgE-binding sites of the 4 major grass pollen allergens and the hepatitis B preS protein. Objective: We sought to study the safety and clinical efficacy of immunotherapy (allergen immunotherapy) with BM32 in patients with grass pollen–induced rhinitis and controlled asthma. Methods: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter allergen immunotherapy field study was conducted for 2 grass pollen seasons. After a baseline season, subjects (n = 181) were randomized and received 3 preseasonal injections of either placebo (n = 58) or a low dose (80 μg, n = 60) or high dose (160 μg, n = 63) of BM32 in year 1, respectively, followed by a booster injection in autumn. In the second year, all actively treated subjects received 3 preseasonal injections of the BM32 low dose, and placebo-treated subjects continued with placebo. Clinical efficacy was assessed by using combined symptom medication scores, visual analog scales, Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaires, and asthma symptom scores. Adverse events were graded according to the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology. Allergen-specific antibodies were determined by using ELISA, ImmunoCAP, and ImmunoCAP ISAC. Results: Although statistical significance regarding the primary end point was not reached, BM32-treated subjects, when compared with placebo-treated subjects, showed an improvement regarding symptom medication, visual analog scale, Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire, and asthma symptom scores in both treatment years. This was accompanied by an induction of allergen-specific IgG without induction of allergen-specific IgE and a reduction in the seasonally induced increase in allergen-specific IgE levels in year 2. In the first year, more grade 2 reactions were observed in the active (n = 6) versus placebo (n = 1) groups, whereas there was almost no difference in the second year. Conclusions: Injections of BM32 induced allergen-specific IgG, improved clinical symptoms of seasonal grass pollen allergy, and were well tolerated.
A novel glycocluster molecule prevents timothy-induced allergic airway inflammation in mice; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) effectively alleviates type I allergic diseases characterized by T helper (Th)2-type immunity. Our recent studies have shown that a synthetic trivalent glycocluster, triacedimannose (TADM), suppresses the Th2-type allergic inflammation. The aim of this study was to compare TADM with two well-known adjuvants, unmethylated cytosine-phosphate-guanine oligodeoxynucleotide (CpG) and monophosphoryl lipid A (MPLA) in a grass allergen-induced chronic allergic inflammation model in mice. Methods: Female BALB/c mice were intranasally sensitized with 50 μL of timothy grass pollen extract (TE) twice a week for a period of 15 weeks. Therapeutic intranasal treatments were then performed once a week after the tenth intranasal TE instillation using TADM (10 or 25 μg/50 μL), CpG-ODN (20 μg/50 μL) or MPLA (2 μg/50 μL). Groups of 9-10 animals per treatment were killed 24 hours after the last timothy dosage. Blood, bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) fluids and lung biopsies were taken for subsequent analysis. Results: When mice were repeatedly exposed to TE for 15 weeks, the number of eosinophils and lymphocytes increased in the BAL fluids. The eosinophil and lymphocyte counts decreased dose-dependently and were practically abolished in the mice treated with TADM. Treatments with MPLA or CpG significantly increased the numbers of neutrophils, while CpG nonsignificantly decreased eosinophilia compared to timothy exposure. Conclusions: A novel synthetic glycocluster molecule inhibited the development of grass-induced eosinophilic pulmonary inflammation in mice when administrated in the airways. This compound could be a candidate to be used either as an adjuvant in SIT or as a topical anti-inflammatory treatment.
Results of a tolerability study of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SKIT) with native depot Olea europaea pollen extract; Background: Grass pollens are the most common allergens responsible for rhinoconjunctivitis in Spain. However, olive pollen is the main cause in certain areas of Andalusia, such as Jaén and Córdoba, where pollen counts in pollination period can reach peaks higher than 15 000 grains/m3. Method: The aim of this phase I, multicenter, open clinical trial was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of subcutaneous immunother-apy (SCIT) in depot presentation. Patients with rhino-conjunctivitis sensitized to Olea europaea received an abbreviated schedule consisting of: five weeks of initiation with six injections and a maintenance period of three months with a monthly administration. The primary outcome was the number, percentage, and severity of adverse reactions with this regimen. Secondary endpoint included evaluation of the subrogate efficacy parameters: changes in immunoglobulin titers (specific IgE, IgG and IgG4) and changes in cutaneous reactivity. Results: There were included 47 patients, in five Spanish hospitals. Following ARIA 2010 guidelines, 95.7% of patients were diagnosed of persistent moderate/severe rhinitis. The mean age was 37.7 ± 11.8 years, being 59.6% female. Moreover, 57.4% of the patients had concomitant mild/moderated asthma. The period between the diagnosis of rhino-conjunctivitis and the informed consent signing was 9.8 ± 7.5 years. According to International 2006 Guidelines, eight systemic reactions were registered, representing 1.9% of the administered doses: five reactions grade 0, (described as nonspecific ocular pruritus, nasal herpes, general discomfort, localized non-specific pruritus plus nausea and non-specific pruritus in throat), a grade I reaction described as rhinoconjunctivitis and two reactions grade II, registered as generalized urticaria and asthma. All reactions were classified of mild or moderate intensity and only two required symptomatic treatment. There were five clinically significant delayed local reactions, which were higher than 10 cm or involved modifications in next dose. Regarding efficacy parameters, Immunoglobulin titers between baseline and final visit according to specific IgG and IgG4 significantly increased. Cutaneous reactivity also decreased significantly in the dose response skin prick test. Conclusion: Results of an abbreviated schedule with Olea europaea SCIT in depot vaccine, (Allergovac® ROXALL Medicina España), pro-vides evidence of its adequate safety and tolerability profile and favorable efficacy parameters.
Biogeographical variation in IgE specificity and avidity for subtropical and temperate grass pollen allergens; The multicentre cross-sectional Grass Pollen Allergy Survey (GPAS)
Efficacy of SLIT with different doses of a liquid Phleum pratense extract was shown during the grass pollen season and in an Allergen Exposure Chamber (AEC); Background: In Phase III allergen immunotherapy trials, Combined Symptom Medication Score (CSMS) is the recommended clinical outcome measure. In phase II studies, Total Symptom Score (TSS) in an AEC is accepted as primary endpoint. This study was performed both in the AEC and the field to examine whether TSS is consistent with CSMS. Method: In a single-center, randomized, double blind, placebo-con-trolled, dose range finding trial, 168 grass pollen allergic patients (18-65 years of age) with seasonal rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis with or without concomitant asthma, were randomized to three different dosages of a liquid Phleum pratense extract (10 000 AUN/mL, 40 000 AUN/mL, 80 000 AUN/mL) or placebo for 10 months of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). The total symptom score (TSS: sum of indi-vidual scores for eight nasal and non-nasal symptoms, rated on a scale of 0-3) in a validated AEC was assessed at baseline and at the end of the trial, the combined symptom medication score (CSMS: 6 nasal and non-nasal symptoms and medication score, score can range from 0-6) during the grass pollen season at month 8-10. Results: When comparing the change from baseline in TSS for each active treatment group with placebo, a statistically significant improvement in TSS was found for the 80 000 AUN/mL (P = 0.024) and a trend for a reduction for both the 10 000 AUN/mL group (P = 0.051) and 40 000 AUN/mL group (P = 0.059), at the end of the trial. The reduction in CSMS compared to placebo was substantial for all doses of SLIT with the liquid Phleum pratense extract, ranging from 27% to 38% improvement and reached statistical significance for the 10 000 AUN/mL (P = 0.028) and 40 000 AUN/mL (P = 0.018) groups (80 000 AUN/mL group P = 0.063). Conclusion: Efficacy of SLIT with different doses of a liquid Phleum pratense extract was shown using different clinical symptom scores and clinical settings. TSS during controlled exposure to grass pollen in an AEC is consistent with CSMS measured during grass pollen season. Importantly, the clinically relevant improvement in CSMS achieved at all investigated Phleum pratense dose levels, provides a strong efficacy basis for the next phase of clinical devel-opment.
Tolerability of a two week rush up-dosing with modified trees, modified grasses or modified grasses/trees mixture in pollen allergic subjects in the day-to-day practice; Background: Two Phase IV studies with modified grass and birch pollen, respectively, have led to the authorization of a subcutaneous Rush up-dosing scheme (3 injections in 2 weeks for adults). In the course of a non-interventional study (NIS) the tolerability was tested in the day-to-day practice. In the Phase IV study with modified grass pollen 92.8% of patients and in the study with modified birch pollen 98.4% reached the maintenance dose of 0.5 mL. Method: The prospective NIS was performed in 116 doctor's offices in Germany. The Rush up-dosing with 3 injections (0.1, 0.3 and 0.5 mL) was documented in patients getting a subcutaneous immunotherapy with modified tree or grass pollen or a mixture of those. After each injection with the patients documented in a diary any side effects within 24 hours after the injection. By using an electronic case report form (eCRF) every participating doctor's office documented a total of four injections per patient. Results: Data from 1040 patients undergoing one therapy were evaluable, thereof 449 (43.2%) undergoing treatment with Trees, 435 (41.8%) with Grasses and 156 (15%) with a mixture of Grasses and Trees. Of the patients with a complete documentation of the Rush up-dosing (n = 964) the highest dose of 0.5 mL was reached by 98.8% (n = 414) of 419 patients being treated with Trees, 97.5% (n = 385) of 395 patients being treated with Grasses and 96% (n = 144) of 150 patients being treated with the mixture of Grasses and Trees. Based on available data for early (n = 1019) and late (n = 1006) local reactions (ELR, LLR) as well as systemic reactions (ESR, LSR) the following breakdown could be made (number of patients with at least one reaction) (see Table) Severe systemic reactions (grade III and IV) did not occur. Conclusion: In total 97.8% of the patients reached the highest dose of 0.5 mL. The tolerability of the single therapies with modified Trees, Grasses and the Grasses/Trees mixture were similar. In daily practice the Rush up-dosing has proven itself.
Immunotherapy with the recombinant B cell epitope-based grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32 induces a biphasic allergen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 response; Background: Immunotherapy with the recombinant B cell epitope-based grass pollen allergy vaccine has been shown to reduce symptoms of grass pollen allergy in a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Aim of this study was to investigate the levels and kinetics allergen-specific IgG responses in a double-blind, placebo-controlled phase IIb combined field and exposure chamber trial studying the effects of three, four and five pre-seasonal injections of BM32 as compared to placebo. Method: A quantitative ELISA assay based on purified human monoclonal allergen-specific IgG1 as well as IgG4 antibodies as standards was developed to measure allergen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 concentrations induced by AIT with BM32. Results: We found rises in levels of both tested allergen-specific IgG subclasses in the actively but not placebo-treated patients. Phl P 1-and Phl P 5-specific IgG1 levels up to 83 μg/mL and 784 μg/mL, respectively and Phl P 1-and Phl P 5-specific IgG4 levels of up to 468 μg/mL and 1423 μg/mL, respectively were measured in BM32-treated patients. Five pre-seasonal injections induced the highest allergen-specific IgG levels. Interestingly, allergen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 antibodies showed a biphasic response with early rises of aller-gen-specific IgG1 which declined quickly after the pollen season and a delayed but very sustained allergen-specific IgG4 response. Conclusion: Treatment with BM32 induces a biphasic allergen-spe-cific IgG response consisting of an early IgG1 and a sustained aller-gen-specific IgG4 response which may be responsible for early and sustained protection against allergic symptoms.
T reg CD4+ CD25high in peripheral blood in patient with grass pollen allergy during sublingual specific immunotherapy SLIT; Background: Specific subcutaneous immunotherapy is known for years. However, not every patient feel a clinical improvement after this treatment. Because of that, other routes of administration of immunotherapy, and parameters of effectiveness of immunotherapy are searched. The aim of this study was to evaluate T reg CD4+ CD25high in peripheral blood in patients with grass pollen allergy during sublin-gual immunotherapy SLIT. Method: We examined 27 adult patients, aged 20-41, 13 female and 14 male. Patients were qualified to SLIT after confirmation of allergy-by skin prick tests, specific IgE and nasal provocation tests. We determined T reg CD4+ CD25high from blood sampling of those patients (by flow cytometry method), before the SLIT, after reaching the maintenance dose, before the grass pollen season, during the grass pollen season, and after one year of SLIT. Results: During SLIT the percentage of T reg CD4+ CD25high increase after reaching the maintenance dose, then it decreased before and during the grass pollen season, and again increase after one year os SLIT. We observed, that in the group with significant improvement of symptoms, T regCD4+ CD25high decreased during grass pollen season, comparing to group without clinical improve-ment. Conclusion: SLIT as a method of immunotherapy influence on levels of T reg CD4+ CD25high cells. The observed decreased levels of these cells during the grass pollen season might be consider as a prognosing marker of clinical improvement.
A real-life, long-term, retrospective analysis evidencing slower progression of grass pollen allergic rhinitis in patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy tablets; Background: Data on the fulfilment of prescriptions of symptomatic medications in grass pollen allergy patients were used to assess the long-term effectiveness of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets on allergic rhinitis (AR). Method: By using the LifelinkTM Treatment Dynamics database (IQVIA, Paris, France) that collates data on prescription fulfilment from 7300 pharmacies across France, we compared two cohorts of patients taking symptomatic medications for AR: a SLIT tablet group (receiving Oralair® and/or Grazax®) and a control group. The primary indicator of the long-term effectiveness of SLIT tablets was the change in symptomatic medication use between the reference pre-index period (i.e. before the initiation of SLIT tablet use) and the fol-low-up period (after SLIT). The number of fulfilments per year was calculated for each patient and each period, and the ratio for before vs. after SLIT was calculated. The groups were also compared in a linear regression analysis after adjustment for gender, age and pre-scriber. Results: The SLIT tablet group (comprising 1099 patients having initiated SLIT treatment in 2013 or 2014) was compared with a control group of 27 475 patients. When comparing the pre-index and follow-up period, prescriptions of AR medications fell by 50% in the SLIT patients and rose by 30% in the control group. In an adjusted regression model, the estimated intergroup difference [95%CI] was-0.71 [-0.81
Comparing the efficacy of 1-Grass and 5-Grass pollen slit tablets in the same patient: A case report; Background: Two registered sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) products are available to treat grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivi-tis, consisting of the 1-grass (Phleum pratense) and the 5-grass pollen tablets. No study of direct comparison of the efficacy of the two products was performed. We report the case of a patient who was treated in different years with the 5-grass or the 1-grass tablets with contrasting efficacy. Method: The patient was a 18-year old woman suffering from 3 years of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis. In 2015 SLIT was started with the 5-grass pollen tablets, but in 2016, due to unavail-ability of the product, SLIT was performed by the 1-grass pollen tablets. In the third year of treatment SLIT with the 5-grass pollen tablets was resumed. For the 5-grass tablets SLIT was initiated before the pollen season and stopped after 7 months of treatment, while for the 1-grass tablets the treated was prescribed to be continuous. The efficacy of SLIT was evaluated by symptom-medication scores as reported in diary cards by the patient during the month of May, when the grass pollen usually reach the higher concentration in the atmosphere in Lombardy, where the patient lives. Results: The mean symptom-medication score in the first year of treatment (5-grass tablets) was 4.35, compared with a mean score of 7.2 in the second year (1-grass tablets). The patient was unsatisfied of the symptoms control and asked to resume for the last year of SLIT the 5-grass tablets. The mean symptom-medication score in such year was 0.77. No clinically relevant adverse event was reported with any SLIT product. Conclusion: Based on the momentary unavailability of the 5-grass pollen tablet, it was possible to assess in a same patient the clinical outcome associated to either of the two registered SLIT products. A significantly different efficacy of SLIT with the 5-grass tablets com-pared with the 1-grass tablets was observed.
Treatment effect of grass-pollen immunotherapy for children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in a district general hospital; Background: Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis affects 10-20% of adults and up to 40% of children in the UK. Symptoms can be disruptive with uncontrolled symptoms causing disturbed sleep and poor school performance. Immunotherapy is the only treatment that can alter the course of this disease and results are widely reported in specialist centres. A rural district general hospital in the UK, Worcestershire Acute NHS Trust has been using immunotherapy for patients with uncontrolled symptoms of rhinoconjunctivitis. We evaluated the efficacy of the treatment in our local population since 2010 using a validated questionnaire on quality of life with regards to symptoms of rhinoconjunctivitis, the Mini Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (mRQLQ) taken before and after the treatment course of 3 years. Method: We evaluated 29 children who had completed their immunotherapy treatment. Along with demographic data we were able to record skin prick test (SPT) results and mRQLQ at start and end of treatment. We only included patients who had completed pre and post treatment questionnaires in the study to allow a comparison. The scores were evaluated using a student T test. Results: Patients' starting age ranged from 6 to 17 years (mean 11 years). 29 of the 48 children had completed pre and post treatment questionnaires. All 29 had grass pollen allergy confirmed on SPT at the start of treatment. 10 patients (34%) had isolated grass pollen allergy on SPT and 19 (66%) had multiple allergies. Mean start treatment score for all patients was 37 on mRQLQ. Mean score at end of treatment was 24, indicating a 35% reduction in total mRQLQ score (P value <0.05). For those with multiple allergies the mean total mRQLQ scores were 33 at start of treatment and 25 at end of treatment, indicating a 27% reduction (P value 0.16). For those with isolated grass pollen allergy scores were 44 at start of treatment and 23 at end of treatment indicating a 50% reduction (P value <0.05). Conclusion: For children with uncontrolled symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, grass pollen immunotherapy is associated with statistically significant improvement in quality of life. This improvement is most beneficial for patients with isolated grass-pollen sensitivity on SPT. Those with multiple aeroallergen sensitivities on SPT did show an improvement (not statistically significant) post-treat-ment. Grass-pollen immunotherapy is an effective treatment for rhinoconjunctivitis to offer patients in a rural DGH setting.
Differential network and pathway analysis of transcriptome molecular markers associated with an adjuvanted grass allergoid immunotherapy; Background: Specific Immunotherapy (SIT) with a 13 Grass MATA MPL vaccine, which combines broad spectrum grass modified allergens adsorbed on the depot adjuvant microcrystalline tyrosine (MCT) in combination with Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPL), is a short course form of treatment for IgE-mediated allergic rhinoconjunctivi-tis. The aim of this analysis was to elucidate grass SIT-induced molecular mechanisms and identify signature genes associated with immunological pathways and cellular functions after treatment. Method: This was a FDA approved phase I tolerability study with 30 subjects aged between 18 and 50 years with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Subjects were randomly assigned on a 1:1 ratio to receive either six injections of cumulative dose regimen 35600 SU of subcutaneous complex grass allergoid vaccine or placebo, which included MCT and all constituents of the active formulation except allergoid and MPL. RT2 Profiler PCR Array gene expression analysis (178 genes) of peripheral blood mononuclear cells were analysed from both study groups after one week following the end of treatment. The raw PCR Array data was processed using Gene-Globe data analysis tool to calculate fold change values based on delta delta Ct method and P values based on a Student's t-test. Sta-tistically significant output data (P < 0.05) was further analysed using differential network and pathway-based analysis system Ingenuity Pathway Analysis software. Results: A cluster of differentially expressed genes related to the treatment group were identified with significant fold-changes in expression levels. Grass SIT-associated signature genes included T helper cell differentiation and proliferation markers (CD4, CD80, CD70) and Th1/Th2 cytokines, antigen presentation and transmem-brane receptors (CD1a, HLA-DMA), transcription and signal trans-duction factors (FOXP3, GATA4, RUNX1, STAT5A), and a number of chemokines of cells adhesion and diapedesis. The top enriched cate-gories of canonical pathways with P-value less than 10-20 were related to cytokine signalling between immune cells and the differentiation and activation of T-helper cells. Conclusion: A distinct profile of SIT-induced responses from grass-allergic subjects revealed clusters of related genes associated with innate and adaptive immune responses one week after treatment compared with placebo. A number of genetic markers identified may be linked to early time-points during successful SIT with 13 Grass MATA MPL.
Specific immunotherapy with aeroallergens: Indicated in a patient with serious persistent asthma?; Case report: Treatment of uncontrolled persistent bronchial asthma is based on the use of corticosteroids (ICS) and bronchodila-tors, leukotrienes, and anticholinergics or other biological treatments such as Omalizumab. In the case of bronchial asthma of allergic origin must be consider the ITA (aeroallergens immunotherapy specific) 46 year old woman with allergic severe persistent uncontrolled asthma and positive skin test to epithelium horse and pollen grass (negative to other airborne allergens as mites, fungi and other pollens). It is recommended to avoid contact with horses, but the patient denies the possibility of avoiding exposure to the allergen (immediate family dedicated to working with horses), so etiological treatment is posed with ITA with a horse epithelium standardized extract (units S.Q.) Patient initiates ITA in cluster schedule reaching maximum mainte-nance dose in 2 weeks with good tolerance. After 6 months presents less bronchial symptoms and needed only once rescue bronchodila-tor. FEV1 was 1.80 (72.8%) (basal 1.36%-53.3%) on spirometry and ACT was 29 (basal 11). Patient reported good control of their disease, improved their quality of life, tolerating contact and exposure to numerous horses as well as contact with clothes of people who had been exposed. Although ITA is absolute contraindication on uncontrolled asthma with a degree of evidence Ia, our case had only "transitory" con-traindication and reported subjective clinical improvement and obje-tive in questionary of quality of life and reduced their maintenance medication.
Rheumatoid arthritis developed during subcutaneous pollen allergen immunotherapy: A case report; Case report: Allergen specific immunotherapy is used widely, yet there is less evidence of its long-term-safety. Here a patient who developed rheumatoid arthritis (RA) during subcutaneous allergen-immunotherapy (SCIT) was described. A 39-year-old-physician presented with allergic rhinitis (AR), due to pollen sensitization in skin-prick-tests/sIgE. As she was exposed to indoor passive smoking since her birth and respiratory bronchiolitis with mosaic pattern in computed tomography, fixed airway obstruction (best FEV1 70%). was diagnosed. However, she had mild dyspnoea but was concerned of progression of airway obstruction. She underwent SCIT with grass mix in December, since she was unresponsive to medical treatment for severe AR during pollen season. She had no dyspnoea or adverse events during increasing phase of SCIT, and maintenance dose was reached successfully. However, she had developed finger and wrist pain in both hand joints after 11 months of SCIT, and used non-steroid anti-inflammatory drugs regularly for almost 1-week. Although pain was relieved, her symptoms recurred the next month, with morning stiffness lasting longer than 30 minutes and fatigue, as well as symmetrical multiple joints swelling, redness, tenderness and was consulted to rheumatology department. Hand MRI was normal, serologic tests for collagen disease including RF or anti-CPP were found to be negative. She was diagnosed sero-negative RA, but positive inflammatory blood test results (sed:48/hr), and symmetrical polyarthritic symptoms. Treatment with low-dose-corticosteroid and hidroxyclorocin-sulphate was started, and continued with hidroxyclorocin-sulphate regularly. The relation with RA and SCIT was unclear, and the patient wanted to continue SCIT since her rhinitis was improved, and had no arthritis till August. After 20 months of SCIT, she had an arthritis attack right after SCIT injection, and was treated with low-dose corticos-teroid. After SCIT was discontinued, no arthritis attack was observed within 6 months. The patient is still using hidroxyclorocin-sulphate regularly, and although she is asymptomatic, her systemic inflammation persists (sed:56/hr). In conclusion, SCIT was found to be effective and safe for most of the patients with rhinitis/asthma, RA developed during pollen SCIT in this case might be related with immunomodulation effect of immunotherapy.
Sublingual Immunotherapy with a liquid Phleum pratense extract is effective in grass pollen allergic patients-Results of a phase II allergen exposure chamber (AEC) trial; Background: According to the EMA guideline on the clinical development of products for specific immunotherapy products should be tested in phase II at different doses in several study-arms to establish a dose-response relationship for clinical efficacy before confirmatory trials can be initiated. Allergen exposure in an AEC may be used as primary endpoint. Method: The study was a single-center, randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, phase II trial, treatment duration 10 months. 168 grass pollen allergic patients (18-65 years of age) with seasonal rhini-tis/rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) with (mild, GINA I) or without concomitant asthma were randomized to three different dosages of a liquid Phleum pratense extract (10 000 AUN/mL
Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) with the recombinant hypoallergenic peptide-fusion vaccine BM32 reveals similar immune alterations as treatment with a conventional grass pollen allergen extract; Background: To improve safety and to reduce the number of allergen injections during AIT, the hypoallergenic peptide carrier fusion protein BM32 was developed. BM32 is based on B cell peptides from grass pollen (GP), which were fused to the Hepatitis virus-derived carrier protein, PreS, providing T cell reactivity. To evaluate the humoral and T cellular immune effects of the peptide-based fusion vaccine, GP-allergic patients undergoing a clinical phase IIb study of AIT with BM32 were closely investigated. In addition, same immune parameters were characterized in individuals receiving AIT with a GP allergen extract. Method: Patients were treated either with 7 injections of BM32 (Biomay, Vienna, Austria
A longitudinal comparison of IL-5 and IL-10-producing antigen-specific clonal T cell repertoires throughout AIT; Background: Allergy is a chronic disease affecting more than to 20% of the North American population. It is associated with potentially debilitating symptoms. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is a disease-modifying treatment associated with Treg induction and elevated IL-10 production. To date, it is unknown if IL-10-producing T cells are induced de novo or if AIT modulates allergen-specific Th2 cells to become tolerogenic. Method: To investigate whether IL-5 and IL-10-producing antigen-specific T cells share a common T cell repertoire, we performed a longitudinal TCRβ sequence analysis of Timothy grass (TG)-specific T cells from donors who received AIT for 15 months. As a control, TCRβ sequencing was also performed on TG-specific T cells from an allergic donor. TG-specific cells were expanded by 14-day in vitro culture with a pool of immuno-dominant TG-derived T cells epitopes (TG pool). A pertussis epitope pool was used in parallel as a control. Subsequently, cells were restimulated with the same pool and aller-gen-specific cells were isolated by cytokine capture with column enrichment, sorting IL-5 and IL-10-producing cells. The TCRβ repertoire was sequence from DNA isolated from sorted cells. Results: Preliminary results revealed that in the TG pool-specific cells, some clonal overlap was observed between IL-10 + and IL-5 + cells, suggesting that a fraction of IL-10 + cells may originate from IL-5 + cells, but some are generated de novo. Conclusion: Longitudinal analysis of the allergen-specific TCR repertoire is a reliable method to determine if tolerogenic T cells are induced de novo or if they are modulated T cells that originate from the same repertoire as allergen-specific Th2 cells.
Updated safety analysis of a high-dose hypoallergenic birch pollen allergoid from clinical trial data; Background: Subcutaneous high-dose hypoallergenic allergen immunotherapy (AIT) using a birch pollen allergoid has been well-established for decades in birch-pollen specific immunotherapy of allergic rhinitis and asthma. Recently performed new clinical trials prompted a reappraisal of the overall safety data pool from clinical trials. Method: 800 patients diagnosed for grass pollen allergic rhinocon-junctivitis (+/-) asthma were included in 3 randomized, controlled trials. The pooled active safety set (PASS) comprised all patients receiving active AIT via the standard dose escalation scheme (7 injections) either as preseasonal or perennial treatment for a maximum of 3 years. Adverse events (AE), adverse drug reactions (ADRs) as well as routine biochemical and hematological laboratory safety parameters were analysed. The Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA 19.0) terminology was used throughout for coding with recoding of AE terms from lower MedDRA versions where appropriate. All codes were assessed to their primary system organ class (SOC). Results: 304 (159 female, 145 male) patients with a mean age of 36.8 years and a mean duration of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis of 13.3 years were included in the safety analysis. 83 (27.3%) Patients were diagnosed for having bronchial asthma at study entry. More than 40% of treatment emergent AEs were observed in the following SOCs: General disorders and administration site conditions (n = 137) as well as infections and infestations (n = 152). 8.9% of patients (n = 27) had systemic reactions. No treatment related serious adverse events were observed. The most frequent drug related adverse events (ADRs) were injection site reactions like pruritus (28.3%, n = 86), reaction (24.3%, n = 74), and swelling (reported for 22.7% of patients, n = 69). No notable differences in changes of laboratory measurements following AIT compared to placebo were observed. Conclusion: The updated overall analysis of safety data from ran-domized, controlled clinical trials confirmed previous analyses of clin-ical trial data and was found in accordance with the long-term experience from the use of the high dose hypoallergenic birch pollen allergoid in the market.
Comparison of long term effect of perennial and preseasonal SCIT of seasonal allergic rhinitis adult patients with hypoallergenic grass pollen extracts; Background: The incidence of allergic rhinitis has increased steadily during the last 20 years. The inability of patients to avoid pollen allergens during the season and the variable efficacy of symptomatic treatments insure that allergen immunotherapy (AIT) retains a place as the only causal method of the treatment. The aim of our study was to evaluate the long term efficacy of perennial immunotherapy in comparison with preseasonal one. Method: An open comparative study was conducted with a total of 37 hay fever patients. Pre-seasonal subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) was performed in a group of 22 patients (mean age 24.4 ± 4.6 years) and perennial treatment in 15 patients (mean age 23.8 ± 4.3 years). The diagnosis was made on the basis of a detailed clinical history, skin prick tests and as IgE serum level estimation. We used for SCIT hypoallergenic extract of rye and grass pollen (Allergopharma, Reinbek, Germany). Symptom's medication score (sms) was recorded by all patients. The efficacy of AIT was estimated by symptom medication score after completion of therapy and 20 years later. Results: Significant reduction of symptoms medications score was observed both just after completion the therapy and 20 years later. However long lasting effect was more pronounced in the group of patients treated with the perennial schedule. SMS after 3 years of AIT in perennial AIT group was reduced from 8.6 to 2.6 and in pre-seasonal AIT group from 8.2 to 3.6 (P < 0.05). SMS after 20 years was 3.9 in perennial AIT group and 5.1 in preseasonal one. There were no differences in number of side effects between investigated group of patients during the course of therapy. Significant lower number of new sensitization and new asthma development was recorded 20 years after discontinuation of AIT in patients underwent perennial immunotherapy. Conclusion: Perennial in comparison to preseasonal AIT showed higher clinical benefit particularly in terms of long-lasting efficacy with the same safety profile.
Interleukin (IL)-35 producing T regulatory cells (iTR35) suppresses type II innate lymphoid cell (ILC2) and T helper 2 (Th2) cell function and are induced following grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: IL-35 producing T cells (iTR35) are a novel subset of regulatory T cells with immunomodulatory properties. These induci-ble regulatory T cells produce IL-35, which is a dimeric protein with two subunits, IL-12A and Epstein-Barr virus induced 3 (EBI3). The effect of IL-35 on innate and adaptive type II allergic responses is yet to be determined. We hypothesized that IL-35 inhibit IL-5 and IL-13 production by ILC2 and Th2 cells. We further hypothesized that IL-35 inhibit IgE production by B cells. Method: In a prospective controlled cross-sectional study of allergen immunotherapy, the proportion of ILC2s, IL-5 +, IL-13 + and dual IL-5 + 13 + ILC2s were enumerated in non-atopic controls (NAC, n = 16) and grass pollen allergics (SAR, n = 16) during the peak pollen season. The effect of IL-35 on ILC2, Th2 cells and IgE production by B cells was evaluated by flow cytometry, multiplex Luminex system and ImmunoCAP System. iTR35 cells were enumerated in NAC, SAR and sublingual immunotherapy-treated patients (SLIT, n = 16). Results: ILC2s were higher in SAR compared to NAC during grass pollen season (P = 0.002). Moreover, SAR had elevated proportions of IL5+ (P = 0.042), IL13+ (P = 0.042) and dual IL5+IL13+ILC2s (P = 0.003) compared to NAC. In the presence of IL-25 or IL-33, IL-35 inhibited the production of IL-5 and IL-13 (both, P = 0.031) by ILC2s. In addition, IL-35 suppressed the production of allergen-driven IL-4, IL-5 and IL-13 by Th2 cells. Interestingly, CD40L/IL-4/IL-21-mediated IgE production by B cells was inhibited in the presence of IL-35 (P = 0.015). iTR35 cells suppressed Th2 cell proliferation (P = 0.003) and IL-4 (P = 0.004), IL-5 (P = 0.004) and IL-13 (P = 0.001) production. The proportions of allergen-driven iTR35 cells and IL-35 levels were found elevated in SLIT (both, P < 0.001) and NAC (both, P < 0.001) when compared to SAR. Conclusion: For the first time, we have shown that IL-35 inhibit type II cytokine production by ILC2s and allergen-driven Th2 cells. Restoration of IL-35 production by inducible Tregs (iTR35) is a prerequisite for tolerance induction during sublingual immunotherapy.
The fast dissolving freeze-dried formulation of the SQ-grass pollen SLIT-tablet is very effective for providing fast and complete delivery of soluble allergens; Background: In sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet allergy treatment, allergens are administered under the tongue. Following administration, the allergen content from the dry tablets must be solubilized by saliva in order to reach and interact with the sublin-gual mucosal immune system, the target organ of SLIT. The short recommended sublingual holding time for the SQ grass SLIT-tablet of one minute ensures a robust treatment regimen, but also requires complete release of soluble grass pollen allergens immediately following tablet administration in order to achieve maximal allergen bioavailability. Here, the grass-allergen release kinetics of the freeze-dried SQ grass SLIT-tablet formulation is examined and compared to the corresponding properties of an alternative grass SLIT-tablet of a conventional compressed formulation. Method: The properties of two grass SLIT-tablets of different formulations (freeze-dried and compressed, respectively) were examined. Tablet disintegration times were recorded and a grass group 5 ELISA was used to measure the amounts of allergen released into soluble form from the two tablets at various time points between 15 sec. and 10 min. The two tablets were analyzed in parallel under identical conditions. Results: While the entire allergen content of the 75,000 SQ-T freeze-dried grass SLIT-tablet was completely dissolved within 15 sec after contact with assay buffer, the release of grass allergens from the compressed tablet was much slower, and was not complete even after 10 min Likewise, while the 75,000 SQ-T freeze-dried grass SLIT-tablet disintegrated within one second, the compressed tablets had much longer disintegration times, which increased with increasing dose (23 sec for the 100IR tablets and 34 sec for the 300IR tablets). Conclusion: The freeze-dried formulation of the SQ grass SLIT-tablet delivers allergens from the dry state in the tablet into solution faster and more effectively than the conventional compressed for-mulation. The finding that complete allergen release was obtained with the SQ grass SLIT-tablet well within the recommended sublin-gual holding time of one minute means that the entire allergen content of the SQ grass SLIT-tablet is made available towards clinical effect, and that maximal allergen bioavailability is achieved.
Safety analysis of a study on the effect of micronized cellulose powder as add-on to intranasal as-needed treatment of subjects with pollen allergic rhinitis; Background: We have documented the efficacy of nasally insufflated micronized powder of methyl-cellulose (powder hydroxyl-pro-pyl-methyl-cellulose powder, pHPMC) in subjects with allergic rhinitis sensitized to grass pollen. The study we conducted was placebo controlled. We demonstrated that pHPMC insufflated in the nose either on its own to serve as a mechanical barrier, or as add-on to enhance the effect of nasally applied drugs, had significant effect on all subjective symptoms, on the need for nasal or oral relieving medications, and on some objective measures related to nasal function and airway inflammation. We now present the analysis of the registered adverse events (AEs). Method: We recruited 42 grass pollen sensitive subjects with allergic rhinitis (median age 31.5 years, range 18-55 years, 30 men), who had not been treated with allergen specific immunotherapy. They constituted our intention-to-treat/ITT/population and were randomized to prevent and treat their seasonal symptoms by locally applied drugs: decongestant (oxymetazoline), and/or antihistamine (aze-lastine) and/or corticosteroid (mometasone), followed by pHPMC or placebo. On top of assessing their symptoms, subjects documented any AEs they experienced in descriptive terms, marking their intensity (1 = mild, 2 = moderate, 3 = sever), duration, resolution and possible causality to the powder insufflation. Results: Out of the ITT population, 35 subjects (per protocol/PP/population, median age 31 years, 24 men) provided data for the whole duration of the pollen to be used for the efficacy analysis. The safety analysis was based on the ITT population. AEs were recorded by 5 subjects: 3 out of 35 subjects (the PP population), and 2 out of the 7 subjects leaving the study prematurely, none of them because of the AEs. AEs were reported by 3 subjects on pHPMC and by 2 subjects on placebo. Subjects described the AEs (in random order) as: "headache", "itching in ear & throat", "sleep-lessness", "pain in the nose", "breathlessness", "burning in the nose", "sneezing", "rhinorrhea", "eye irritation", "throat swelling". Two subjects indicated just 1 symptom, 3 subjects had multiple symptoms on multiple occasions, the intensity they marked was "mild", and "moderate" for the "burning in the nose"
Induced sputum transcriptome reveals biomarker pattern in patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma; Background: Although a lot ist known about the pathophysiologi-cal mechanisms of allergic rhinitis and asthma, less is known about mechanisms of allergen immunotherapy (AIT). We are still in need of biomarkers suitable to specify probable outcomes and effectiveness of AIT. Bronchial sputum can be acquired in a minimally-invasive way. Objective: To characterize and compare the gene expression of secreted mediators in bronchial sputum in vs out-of season in allergic rhinitis patients with/without allergic asthma with/without undergone AIT, and in healthy controls. Method: We collected Induced sputa of 40 symptomatic pollen allergic (n = 19 without and n = 21 with allergic asthma) and 12 non-allergic subjects during in and out of grass pollen season. RNA was isolated and whole genome RNA microarray was performed in 20 cases. Transcriptome analysis of array data was performed using Genespring. Results: In allergic patients, genes encoding for inflammatory mediators (e.g., IL-8, S100A8) were shown to be up-regulated compared to healthy controls. More specifically, TH2-mediators (e.g., IL-4, IL-13RA2) expression was up-regulated, especially in patients suffering from asthma, whereas TH1-mediators (e.g., IFN-γ) were down-regu-lated. In patients suffering from allergic rhinitis without asthmatic symptoms, several mediators involved in airway remodeling as known in asthma, were regulated similarly to asthmatic patients (e.g., MMP-9, TSLP). The effects of AIT can be reflected in gene expression differences between patients with vs without AIT. In those who had undergone AIT, inflammatory mediator genes, more specifically those involved in TH2-response (e.g., IL-24), were down-regulated compared to those without AIT, whereas TH1-related genes were up-regulated (IL-15RA). Furthermore, different expression levels were shown for secreted mediators involved in protection of mucosa (e.g., IL-22RA2) and remodeling (e.g., IL-20). Besides, mediators playing a role in Treg-activation (e.g., IL-7) were up-regulated in patients who underwent an AIT. Conclusion: Through analyzing gene expression of secreted mediators in different subgroups, we showed pathophysiologically relevant differences that can be re-traced on transcriptome levels of induced sputum, regarding inflammatory mediator genes, TH1/TH2-balance, airway remodeling and mediators involved in mucosal protection as well as Treg-activation, anticipating a realistic potential for biomarker use.
Novel insights into the immunological mechanisms of action of allergoids coupled to mannan as next generation vaccines for allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Glutaraldehyde-polymerized grass pollen allergoids coupled to nonoxidized mannan (PM) represent novel suitable vaccines for allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT). PM promotes Th1/Treg cell responses by targeting human dendritic cells (DCs) and upon subcutaneous injection in mice. Aluminium hydroxide (alum) is the most widely used adjuvant in human vaccines but its way of action is not fully understood. The aim of this work is to study the immunogenicity of PM after in vivo sublingual administration in mice as well as the immunological mechanisms by which alum condition the capacity of PM to promote healthy immune responses to allergens. Method: BALB/c mice were sublingually or subcutaneously immunized and cell responses were assayed by flow cytometry. Allogeneic cocultures of PM-activated human monocyte-derived DCs (hmoDCs) or total DCs and naïve CD4+ T cells in the presence or absence of alum were performed to analyse T cells polarization. FOXP3+ Treg cells were quantified, purified by cell sorting as CD4+CD25highCD127- and mixed with CFSE-labeled autologous PBMCs to study the suppression capacity. Results: In vivo sublingual immunizations of mice with nonoxidized PM resulted in an increase of CD4+CD25highFOXP3+ Treg and Th1 cells in submandibular lymph nodes and spleen. Those effects were abolished when using oxidized PM. Importantly, subcutaneous immu-nization in the presence of alum reduced the number of FOXP3+ Tregs induced by PM and increased IgE production and IgG1/IgG2a ratio. Immunizations with alum also increased IL-4, IL-5 and IFN-γ and reduced IL-10 production induced by PM. In vitro experiments with hmoDCs demonstrated that alum decreased the number of Tregs induced by PM. Accordingly, alum significantly decreased IL-10-producing T cells generated by PM-treated hmoDCs, while increasing IL-5-, IFN-γ-and IL-17-producing T cells. The same results were obtained when using an enriched fraction of total DCs includ-ing mDCs and pDCs. The Treg cells generated by PM-treated hmoDCs inhibited the proliferation of autologous PBMCs in a dose-dependent manner, showing a more potent suppression capacity than Treg cells generated by hmoDCs treated with PM in the presence of alum. Conclusion: We provide novel insights into the effects of sublin-gual administration of PM and the influence of aluminium hydroxide in the immunomodulatory properties imprinted by PM in DCs, which might have important implications for future development of novel AIT protocols.
A machine learning approach to evaluate IgE and IgG4 responses as patient-specific measure of exposure to sublingual allergen immunotherapy; Background: In Allergy immunotherapy (AIT), allergen-specific antibody levels are known to increase following treatment. Our aim was to evaluate, across multiple clinical trials, the relevance of allergen-specific antibody responses (sIgE and sIgG4) as a subject-specific measure of exposure to sublingual tablet (SLIT-tablet) immunotherapy. Method: A machine learning approach was employed to differenti-ate between patients exposed to active versus placebo treatment. Data collected from 8 placebo-controlled phase III clinical trials including 2976 patients was used for model training and leave-one-out evaluation. In all trials, active treatment comprised fast-dissolving SLIT-tablets for allergic rhinitis and/or allergic asthma due to the following allergens: house dust mite (n = 4), grass (n = 2) and ragweed (n = 2). sIgE and sIgG4 data at baseline and all visits spanning 3-57 weeks of treatment were included (N = 13 900 visits). Results: In the active treatment groups, there were consistent immunological responses in sIgE and sIgG4 levels. Applying machine-learning methods we were able to differentiate between individuals receiving active versus placebo treatment during the first year of treatment. The algorithm employs measurements of sIgE and sIgG4 at baseline and one follow up visit, allergen type, week of treatment, patient age, and relationship to season for seasonal allergens. Evaluating the algorithm at different time points within the first treatment year showed a consistent predictive performance with a balanced accuracy above 88%. Patients receiving active treatment with an atypical low antibody responses comparable to placebo treated subjects (i.e. false negatives), had a lower frequency of adverse events compared to those who exhibited antibody responses. However, there was no consistent correlation between immunological response and the primary clinical endpoint in these trials. For placebo-treated subjects, an increase in sIgE or sIgG4 during the study period (i.e. false positives) correlated with undesirable efficacy readouts, possibly indicating increased environmental allergen exposure or disease progression. Conclusion: On a subject level, the magnitude of change in allergen specific IgE and IgG4 may be used to predict active treatment with fast-dissolving SLIT tablets during the first year, despite the underlying heterogeneity of enrolled patients, allergy treatment and trial protocols.
Tolerability of a two week rush up-dosing with modified allergens in pollen allergic subjects in the day-to-day practice; Background: In two Phase IV studies the tolerability of a subcutaneous Rush up-dosing, using three injections in two weeks, has been tested and proven to be save in adults. In the course of a non-inter-ventional study (NIS) now the tolerability of this treatment scheme was tested in the day-to-day practice. Method: The prospective NIS was performed in 116 doctor's offices in Germany. The Rush up-dosing with 3 injections (0.1, 0.3 and 0.5 mL) was documented in patients getting a subcutaneous immunotherapy with modified Tree or modified Grass pollen or a mixture of those. After each injection the patients recorded any side effects within 24 hours after the injection in a diary. By using an electronic case report form (eCRF) every participating doctor's office documented four injections per patient. Results: Data from 1069 patients, of which 529 were male (49.5%), and with a mean age of 38 years, were collected. Of the patients with a fully documented Rush up-dosing (n = 993) 97.9% (n = 972) could reach the highest dose of 0.5 mL. Early local reactions were reported in 15% (n = 157), early systemic reactions in 1.1% (n = 12) of patients with available data (n = 1048) and late local reactions in 31.6% (n = 327), late systemic reactions in 7.8% (n = 81) of the patients (n = 1035). No severe systemic reactions were observed. Mono-sensitized patients (n = 364
Molecular allergens contribution in the selection of grass and/or olive immunotherapy; Background: Quantification of specific IgE against molecular aller-gen components (sIgE-CRD) may be relevant for a precise choice of candidates to immunotherapy (IT) and its respective composition, in patients that are allergic to both grass and olive pollens. Objectives: Evaluation of the usefulness of sIgE-CRD determination compared to sIgE for total extract (sIgE-tot), in the choice of the correct IT's candidates/composition. Method: Anonymous survey applied to allergists, including clinical information and results of aeroallergens skin prick tests (SPT) and sIgEs from 40 patients, evaluated during the 1st semester of 2017 at an outpatient clinic. All patients presented persistent moderate-severe allergic rhinitis, in pollen season and had not been submitted to IT. All patients had positive SPT for grasses (grass) and olive (olea). sIgE-tot for Phleum pratense and Olea europaea and some sIgE-CRD (rPhl P 1, rPhl P 5, rPhl P 7, rPhl P 12, rOle1 and nOle7) were determined. Physicians were divided into 2 groups (group 1 if <10 years of practice and group 2 if≥10 years of practice) and were asked to choose which IT to prescribe for each patient (none, only grass, only olive or both grass and olive), according to SPT and sIgE results. Results: Fifteen physicians (60% with ≥10 years of practice) participated in the survey. Considering only the sIgE-tot results, the IT choice (group 1/2) was: no vaccine in 10%/3%
Food-dependent effort-induced anaphylaxis: Four cases reports; Background: Food-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis (FDEIA) and wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis (WDEIA) or is a rare and possible fatal disorder Cases reports: We report 1case of FDEIA and 3 cases of WDEIA. Case 1:24-year-old woman with intermittent severe allergic rhinitis and food allergies since childhood. In the last 7 years she registered weekly episodes of FDEIA (urticaria, angioedema, wheeze, drop of BP) especially when during effort and after alcohol intake. Prick tests were positive for grass pollen, mugworth, ragweed, dust mites, celery, soy, sesame, pistachio, mango, honey and shellfish. She followed 3 years of subcutaneous immunotherapy for grasses pollen. The FDEIA episodes frequency and severity diminished during it. Provocation test for celery and mango were positive, for alcohol, soy, sesame, pistachio, honey and shellfish were negative. Case 2:23-year old man with a 7-year history of acute gluten induced urticaria, recently developed 2 episodes of WDEIA (flushing, severe urticaria and angioedema, wheeze) when he went for gym. Skin test was highly positive for wheat flour and dust mites, in vitro tests for 5 omega gliadin and wheat-specific IgE were positive. Food challenge for wheat was positive. He followed oral immunotherapy for wheat. The WDEIA episodes were rare and mild. Case 3:30-years old female with mild allergic rhinitis and controlled asthma, with WDEIA (urticaria, angioedema, wheeze, drop of BP) in the last 3 years. Skin tests showed positive results for wheat flour, dust mites and dog hair. Omega-5 gliadin and wheat specific IgE were high, but the provocation test for wheat was negative meanwhile combined wheat and effort provocation test was positive. Case 4:52-years old female with mild allergic rhinitis, who developed WDEIA (nausea, choking sensation, wheezing, angioedema and urti-cariae) in the last 5 years. Each episode followed a meal, exercise and antibiotic drug therapy intake. She had positive prick test for wheat flour and house dust mites, positive omega-5 gliadin specific IgE, negative specific IgE for antibiotics. Provocation test alone for wheat and antibiotics was negative. Only a combination of food, exercise and antibiotics induced anaphylactic episodes. Conclusion: Even the diagnosis is mainly clinical in FDEIA, provocation test is an important tool for diagnosis, avoidance and finding co-factors.
Long-term effect of Grass-pollen SLIT on symptom control of patients with allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergen immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis has been shown to have disease-modifying properties with clinical benefits that can persist for several years. Long-term efficacy of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on symptom and medication scores as well as quality of life has been established. However, data on control of allergic rhinitis (AR) after discontinuation of therapy are insufficient. The aim of our study was to assess sustained control of AR in three consecutive years after Grass-pollen SLIT discontinuation. Method: A total number of 35 patients [24 (68.57%) males
Updated safety analysis of a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grasses pollen allergoid from clinical trial data; Background: Subcutaneous high-dose hypoallergenic allergen immunotherapy (AIT) using a 6-grasses pollen allergoid has been well-established for decades in grass-pollen specific immunotherapy of allergic rhinitis and asthma. Recently performed new clinical trials prompted a reappraisal of the overall safety data pool from clinical trials. Method: 1023 patients diagnosed for grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (+/-) asthma were included in 5 randomized, controlled trials. The pooled active safety set (PASS) comprised all patients receiving active AIT via the standard dose escalation scheme (7 injections) either as preseasonal or perennial treatment for a maximum of 3 years. Adverse events (AE), adverse drug reactions (ADRs) as well as routine biochemical and hematological labo-ratory safety parameters were analysed. The Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA 19.0) terminology was used through-out for coding with recoding of AE terms from lower MedDRA versions where appropriate. All codes were assessed to their primary system organ class (SOC). Results: 495 (254 female, 241 male) patients with a mean age of 32.8 years and a mean duration of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis of 12.1 years where included in the safety analysis. 98 (19.8%) Patients were diagnosed for having bronchial asthma at study entry. More than 40% if treatment emergent AEs were observed in the following SOCs: General disorders and administration site conditions (n = 240) as well as infections and infestations (n = 219). 4.4% of patients (n = 22) had systemic reactions. 1 treatment related serious adverse event (anaphylactic reaction) was observed. The most frequent drug related adverse events (ADRs) were injection site reactions like swelling (reported for 31.1% of patients, n = 154), pruritus (25.3%, n = 125), and erythema (18.2%, n = 90). No notable differences in changes of laboratory measurements following AIT compared to placebo were observed. Conclusion: The updated overall analysis of safety data from ran-domized, controlled clinical trials confirmed previous analyses of clin-ical trial data and was found in accordance with the long-term experience from the use of the high dose hypoallergenic 6-grasses pollen allergoid in the market.
Monitoring change in IgE/IgG4 ratio has predictive significance for estimating efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy (ait) and enhances rendering clinical decisions during treatment; Background: Clinicians administering AIT need improved monitoring of its effects and as objective as possible evaluation of its efficacy. Determining IgE and IgG4 levels before initiating treatment, and 1 and 3 years into treatment, allows monitoring its effects. Monitoring the changes in the IgE/IgG4 ratio and dynamics of this change which correlates with a clinical improvement may serve to predict efficacy. Method: The repeated measures design study included 108 patients in two groups: the SLIT group, 63 patients-67 follow-ups per allergen (P), and the VIT group, 45 patients-54 P. The SLIT group had patients treated for HDM (41 P), and patients on pre-co-seasonal pollen AIT (grass 11 P, ragweed 10 P, birch 5 P). The VIT group had 28 patients on rush protocol (18 for bee and 9 for wasp) and 18 patients on conventional protocol (9 bee, 2 wasp, and 7 for both). The IgE and IgG4 levels were measured by the ImmunoCAP method. The Friedman test was used to compare data. Results: Connecting the clinical improvement with the change in serological parameters and their ratio over time, three desirable patterns of IgE change have been identified. They share IgG4 increase and a decrease in the IgE/IgG4 ratio: (a) IgE decrease in 24% of SLIT patients, and in 35% of VIT patients
The clinical and immunological effect of vitamin D supplementation combined with grass-specific slit in children with allergic rhinitis; Background: An important issue in sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is how to improve efficacy. The aim of the study is to compare the clinical and immunological efficacy of SLIT: with vitamin D supplementation to placebo in children with allergic rhinitis. Method: Fifty children aged 5-12, sensitive to grass pollen, with allergic rhinitis (8 patients had concomitant asthma) participated in 5 month prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Children received Oralair 300 IR tablet with either vitamin D 1000 IU daily supplementation, or placebo. Primary endpoints included symptom-medication score and lung function. The secondary endpoint was the immunological efficacy measured by the following CD4+ CD25+ Foxp3+ cells, TLR4, interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, TNF, IL-10 and transforming growth factor beta1 levels in cell culture supernatants. Results: When compared to placebo group, SLIT+vitamin D group therapy was more effective in the reduction of nasal symptoms (P = 0.04), asthma symptoms (P = 0.001) and combined symptom-medication score (P = 0.001)
A real-life, retrospective analysis evidencing slower long-term progression of asthma in grass pollen allergy patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy tablets; Background: To assess the long-term effectiveness of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on the occurrence and progression of asthma, we analyzed data on the fulfilment of prescriptions of symptomatic medications in patients with grass pollen allergy. Method: Using the Lifelink™ Treatment Dynamics database (IQVIA, Paris, France) of data on prescription fulfilment by 7300 pharmacies across France, we compared two cohorts of patients with grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (AR): a "SLIT tablet" group of 1099 patients having received Oralair® and/or Grazax® SLIT tablets, and a control group of 27 475 patients. The analysis focused on asthma onset in patients not having received asthma medications during the reference (pre-index) period, and on the progression of asthma in patients having already received asthma medications during the pre-index period. Results: 37.6% (n = 413/1099) of the SLIT tablet group and 39.2% of the control group (n = 10 776/27 475) had asthma at the index date. Among the initially non-asthmatic patients, asthma onset was observed during the treatment period in 12.1% of the patients in the SLIT tablet group and in 12.3% of the patients in the control group. During the follow-up period, the frequency of asthma onset was three times lower in the SLIT tablet group (n = 11/603, 1.8%) than in the control group (n = 782/14 645, 5.34%). After adjustment for age, the risk [95% CI] of asthma onset in the SLIT tablet group during the follow-up period was found to be 63.7% [31.5%
Prediction of efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in children with pollen-food allergy syndrome associated with birch pollen allergy; Background: The high prevalence of seasonal allergic rhinocon-junctivitis (ARC) and pollen-food syndrome (PFAS) demonstrate the significance of the study of predictors of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) efficacy in these patients. To study the possibility of prediction of SLIT efficacy among children with ARC and PFAS with different sensitization profiles. Method: The study included 101 children (5-18 years old) with ARC and PFAS. The sIgE levels to birch pollen and to recombinant component-resolved allergens (CRA) (Bet v1, Bet v2, Bet v4, Bet v6) were identified using Immuno Cap analyzer. Children received 2 courses of SLIT by standardized commercial birch pollen extracts. The ADO scale was used for evaluation of SLIT clinical efficacy. Results: 53% of patients had monosensitization to rBet v1 compo-nent. The rest 47% had combinations IgE to rBet v1 and IgE to one, two or even three minor allergens (35%, 10%, 2% accordingly). After 2 courses of SLIT by standardized pollen extracts symptoms of ARC and PFAS decreased in 90% and 63% patients accordingly. In group 54 patients with monosensitization to rBet v1: 49 patients had a reduction of ARC (85% had 3-4 degree by ADO)
Conjunctival allergen provocation tests may influence diagnosis and clinical decision; Background: Allergen sensitization doesn't always correlate with clinical symptoms. Conjunctival allergen provocation test (CPT) can be used to further evaluate the association between symptoms and exposure. Objective: To assess the clinical utility and safety of CPT with house dust mites and grass pollen in patients with rhinoconjunctivi-tis, and to correlate its results with skin prick tests (SPT) and specific IgE (sIgE). Method: Patients with seasonal or perennial rhinoconjunctivitis from an allergy department of an University Hospital, with discrepancies between clinical history and allergen sensitization or dubious cases to decide immunotherapy, were referred to perform CPT. CPT was performed with Leti®, allergen extracts, according to the manufacturer recommendations: used only for 24 hours after preparation and performed at increasing concentrations (1/1000, 1/100, 1/10 and 1/1 HEP) until reaching the highest dose or eliciting a positive reaction. Total ocular symptom score (TOSS) was assessed and a positive result was considered if TOSS > 5. Eighty patients, mean age 19 years, 63% female, were recruited from July 2016 to December 2017, of those 17 performed CPT to D. pteronyssinus (Dpt), 16 to grass pollen and 47 to both. Results: Of the 64 patients who underwent CPT to Dpt, 57 had positive challenge (median TOSS of 6 with interquartile range [5
Subcutaneous cluster immunotherapy (SCIT) with a high-polymerized grass pollen extract is safe and effective in a DBC clinical trial; Background: The objective of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with different concentrations of a high-polymerized allergen extract (cluster allergoid) of timothy pollen in patients suffering from allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen. Method: A prospective, randomized, double-blind, controlled, multi-center phase II study was conducted with four different concentrations of cluster allergoid CLUSTOID Wiesenlieschgras (group 1: 2000 TU/mL
Safety of a 3-week allergen immunotherapy course with grass pollen peptides: A randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Background: Immunotherapy with peptides rather than conventional whole allergens is being developed to improve the benefit/risk balance of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Lolium perenne peptides (LPP) demonstrated reduced allergenicity following ex-vivo analyses, allowing higher doses to be given over a shorter period to improve treatment adherence and compliance. Such treatment resulted in significant reduction in symptoms and rescue medication intake during the grass pollen season. Here we report the safety of LPP immunotherapy in adults. Method: The safety of LPP was assessed in a RDBPC trial. Local and systemic (SR) adverse reactions were assessed in 545 patients with hay fever after 8 subcutaneous injections of placebo (n = 178) or 170 μg LPP (n = 367) administered with increasing doses for 4 visits over 3 weeks by trained allergists. Results: Local reactions at the injection site were reported in 28.5% (105/368) of patients after LPP and 2.8% (5/177) after placebo injection. Most local reactions (93.7%) were reported as mild
Managements of specific immunotherapy in professional footballer: Case report; Background: Specific immunotherapy is the casual treatment for allergic rhinitis. A 28 year old professional footballer suffer from severe allergic rhinitis since two years. During May, June and July his level of playing, con-centration and durability decreased about 20%. Patient was complaining of runny nose, nasal blockage, each eyes, sneezing, tearing. Method: We did skin prick tests-which showed greatest allergy to grass pollen. We confirmed the allergy by specific IgE and nasal provocation tests. Spirometry was done-FEV1 116%. The patient was qualified to undergo specific immunotherapy. However, because of his profession, it was hard to find a day without trainings to get the vaccine. After long discussion, patient decided to start specific immunotherapy-SCIT. Results: The patient start the immunotherapy. He was attuning very irregularly, because of matches, injuries, trips, trainings, and lack of time. Several times we had to call the patient to remind him about the immunotherapy. After one year of SCIT the patient felt big improvement. During grass pollen season he suffered from mild allergic symptoms, and just for few days. After next year of immunotherapy, the patient had no symptoms of allergic rhinitis during the grass pollen season. However, it was the reason for him, to stop SIT, before 3rd year of immunotherapy. Conclusion: Such a treatment-specific immunotherapy-is a burdensome method for both, for professional athletes and doctors. Such a patients need to be on special observation, and cooperation with trainers must be obtained, if we want to see results. To improve compliance we have to keep in touch with patients, to remind them about next visit.
Dose response and onset of action of sublingual Immunotherapy with a liquid Phleum pratense extract in grass pollen allergic patients; Background: After establishing a tolerated dose range, studies should be performed to establish a dose-response relationship for clinical efficacy. Such studies may comprise a short-term treatment (e.g. 2-4 month) with different doses in several study-arms. Allergen exposure in allergen exposure chambers (AEC) may be used as primary endpoint. Method: In a single-center, randomized, double blind, placebo-con-trolled, phase II trial with a treatment duration of 10 months a total of 168 grass pollen allergic patients (18-65 years of age) with seasonal rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) with or without concomitant asthma, were randomized to sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with three different dosages of a liquid Phleum pratense extract (10 000 AUN/mL
Early nonreactivity in the conjunctival provocation test predicts beneficial outcome of sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Clinical practice needs a common parameter that can provide an early, reliable estimation of the outcome of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in an upcoming pollen season. We investigated whether the conjunctival provocation test (CPT) can predict the beneficial outcome of SLIT in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis after 4 weeks of treatment. Methods: We conducted two separate prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trials. Adults 18-75 years of age received placebo or SLIT tablets containing tree or grass pollen allergoids and underwent CPTs. Participants receiving SLIT were divided into two groups (reactive, nonreactive) according to their CPT reactions after 4 weeks of treatment. These two groups were compared with regard to clinical outcome parameters (total combined score, rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score, total rescue medication score, well days) assessed during the pollen season for the 14-day (tree) or 30-day (tree/grass) peaks and for the entire 60-day seasons. Participants' global evaluations of therapy after completing treatment were also compared. Results: The tree pollen trial randomized 188 participants
The global development and clinical efficacy of sublingual tablet immunotherapy for allergic diseases; Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) is a treatment option for respiratory allergy that is complementary to pharmacotherapy, with a distinct mechanism of action. Alternative methods to subcutaneous administration of AIT that enable patients to safely self-administer AIT is considered an unmet clinical need. The sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-tablet) is an orally disintegrating pharmaceutical formulation (oral lyophilisate) containing standardized allergens. SLIT-tablets have been developed for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) of cedar-pollen, grass-pollen, ragweed-pollen, tree-pollen, and house dust mite allergies. It is a once-daily tablet treatment to be self-administered after the first dose has been provided under the supervision of a physician with experience in the diagnosis and treatment of allergic diseases. Once the first dose is adequately tolerated, subsequent doses may be self-administered. SLIT-tablets have proven efficacy for allergic rhinitis (AR) with and without conjunctivitis (C) and allergic asthma (AA) in adults, children, and poly-sensitized allergic patients. Meta-analyses indicate that SLIT-tablets have superior or similar efficacy compared with anti-allergic pharmacotherapies for seasonal AR and superior efficacy for perennial AR. SLIT-tablets have also demonstrated clinically relevant improvements of asthma, with significant reductions in the following: daily inhaled corticosteroid use, risk of asthma exacerbations, and asthma symptoms. SLIT-tablets are generally well tolerated, with a low risk of systemic allergic reactions. The most common treatment-related adverse events are mild-moderate oral reactions. Current evidence supports SLIT-tablets to be considered as an alternative or add-on treatment to pharmacotherapy for AR/C and asthma. Future SLIT developments may include early intervention to prevent the development or progression of allergic disease in children.
Lolium perenne peptide immunotherapy is well tolerated and elicits a protective B-cell response in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients; Background: Systemic allergic reactions are a risk for allergen immunotherapy that utilizes intact allergen preparations. We evaluated the safety, efficacy and immune mechanisms of short-course treatment with adjuvant-free Lolium perenne peptides (LPP) following a 6-week dose-escalation protocol. Methods: In a prospective, dose-escalation study, 61 grass pollen–allergic patients received 2 subcutaneous injections of LPP once weekly for 6 weeks. Safety was assessed evaluating local reactions, systemic reactions and adverse events. The clinical effect of LPP was determined by reactivity to the conjunctival provocation test (CPT). Specific IgE, IgG4 and blocking antibodies were measured at baseline (V1), during (V6) and after treatment (V8). Results: No fatality, serious adverse event or epinephrine use was reported. Mean wheal diameters after injections were <0.6 cm and mean redness diameters <2.5 cm, independent of dose. Transient and mostly mild adverse events were reported in 33 patients. Two patients experienced a grade I and 4 patients a grade II reaction (AWMF classification). At V8, 69.8% of patients became nonreactive to CPT. sIgG4 levels were higher at V6 (8.1-fold, P <.001) and V8 (12.2-fold, P <.001) than at V1. The sIgE:sIgG4 ratio decreased at V6 (−54.6%, P <.001) and V8 (−71.6%, P <.001) compared to V1. The absolute decrease in IgE-facilitated allergen binding was 18% (P <.001) at V6 and 25% (P <.001) at V8. Conclusion: Increasing doses of subcutaneous LPP appeared safe, substantially diminished reactivity to CPT and induced blocking antibodies as early as 4 weeks after treatment initiation. The benefit/risk balance of LPP immunotherapy remains to be further evaluated in large studies.
Molecular sensitization patterns and influence of molecular diagnosis in immunotherapy prescription in children sensitized to both grass and olive pollen; Background: The overlapping grass and olive pollen seasons in Spain and the phenomenon of cross-reactivity can make it difficult to determine the true causative agent of seasonal allergic rhinitis when only skin prick tests with whole extracts are used. The aim of the GRAMOLE study was to determine sensitization patterns to the major grass and olive pollen allergens detected using specific recombinant IgE and to explore how this knowledge affected physicians’ choice of allergen-specific immunotherapy. Methods: Epidemiological, observational, multicenter, cross-sectional study. Results from children under 18 years of age diagnosed with seasonal allergic rhinitis by positive skin prick tests to olive and grass pollen were analyzed. Specific IgE to Phl p 1+5, Ole e 1, and Phl p 7+12 was determined. Investigators specified the optimal composition of allergen immunotherapy before and after knowing the results of the molecular diagnosis. Results: A total of 281 patients with a mean age of 13.4 years were included. Double sensitization to both major allergens was found in vitro in 76% of children for an IgE cutoff point of 0.35 kU/L. When the molecular diagnosis results were known, specialists changed the composition of the prescribed immunotherapy in 52.87% of cases. Conclusions: Double sensitization to grass and olive pollen is common in Spain and also occurs in the pediatric population. Molecular diagnosis using specific IgE may help improve immunotherapy selection in polysensitized patients.
Impact of allergen immunotherapy in allergic asthma; Although traditional pharmacological approaches improve outcomes in disease management for allergic asthma, these fail to modify the underlying immune responses. Allergen immunotherapy remains the only etiological therapy for the treatment of respiratory allergies for which clinical efficacy has been demonstrated through several well-controlled studies. In this review, we examine evidence from the past 5 years regarding the impact of allergen immunotherapy on allergic asthma to inform practitioners and stimulate further discussion and research.
Ragweed sublingual tablet immunotherapy: Part II - Practical considerations and pertinent issues; Sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) has been demonstrated to be both efficacious and safe for the treatment of respiratory allergies such as allergic rhinoconjunctivitis or allergic asthma. Based on the clinical documentation of SLIT ragweed tablets, they have gained marketing authorization in the USA by the US FDA in 2014 for adult patients. Following clinical data from (pivotal) multicenter Phase II and III trials as performed in the USA and Canada and real life experience after registration in 2014, SLIT ragweed tablets can be recommended as efficacious and safe treatment option with disease modifying potential when adequately indicated and performed. Therefore, several practical issues should be considered for treating ragweed allergic patients with these tablets. This second part of a thorough review on ragweed SLIT tablets addresses important clinical questions which should be taken into account by the subscribing practitioner before initiation and during the treatment.
Effect of grass sublingual tablet immunotherapy is similar in children and adults: A Bayesian approach to design pediatric sublingual immunotherapy trials; Background: Large sample sizes are needed for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) trials because of inherent data variability secondary to inconsistent allergen exposure. Obtaining large sample sizes for pediatric SLIT trials is challenging, but a Bayesian approach using prior adult data can reduce the necessary sample size. Objective: We sought to describe how a Bayesian framework using prior information from adult trials can be used to improve pediatric SLIT clinical development. Methods: Data were compiled by using a frequentist approach (conventional clinical trial approach independent of prior data) from trials conducted during the clinical development of timothy grass SLIT-tablets. Results: The treatment effect of timothy grass SLIT-tablets was considered similar between pediatric (n = 795) and adult (n = 2299) data pools, with relative total combined symptom plus medication score improvement versus placebo of 21% (95% CI, 11.0% to 30.4%) and 20% (95% CI, 14.6% to 24.4%), respectively. Phleum pratense–specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor increased from baseline in both children and adults treated with timothy grass SLIT-tablets. Given the reasonable assumption in similarity of treatment response between adults and children, a Bayesian approach is described to demonstrate rigorous efficacy criteria for pediatric trials incorporating information from prior adult trials and thereby reduce the sample size. Conclusions: Data support the similarity of efficacy and immunologic changes between children and adults treated with SLIT for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Therefore it is appropriate to use data from adult trials to design feasible trials in children, which might reduce unsafe off-label use by promoting more quickly proper labeling of approved products.
Synchronous immune alterations mirror clinical response during allergen immunotherapy; Background: Three years of treatment with either sublingual or subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy has been shown to be effective and to induce long-term tolerance. The Gauging Response in Allergic Rhinitis to Sublingual and Subcutaneous Immunotherapy (GRASS) trial demonstrated that 2 years of treatment through either route was effective in suppressing the response to nasal allergen challenge, although it was insufficient for inhibition 1 year after discontinuation. Objective: We sought to examine in the GRASS trial the time course of immunologic changes during 2 years of sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy and for 1 year after treatment discontinuation. Methods: We performed multimodal immunomonitoring to assess allergen-specific CD4 T-cell properties in parallel with analysis of local mucosal cytokine responses induced by nasal allergen exposure and humoral immune responses that included IgE-dependent basophil activation and measurement of serum inhibitory activity for allergen-IgE binding to B cells (IgE-facilitated allergen binding). Results: All 3 of these distinct arms of the immune response displayed significant and coordinate alterations during 2 years of allergen desensitization, followed by reversal at 3 years, reflecting a lack of a durable immunologic effect. Although frequencies of antigen-specific TH2 cells in peripheral blood determined by using HLA class II tetramer analysis most closely paralleled clinical outcomes, IgE antibody–dependent functional assays remained inhibited in part 1 year after discontinuation. Conclusion: Two years of allergen immunotherapy were effective but insufficient for long-term tolerance. Allergen-specific TH2 cells most closely paralleled the transient clinical outcome, and it is likely that recurrence of the T-cell drivers of allergic immunity abrogated the potential for durable tolerance. On the other hand, the persistence of IgE blocking antibody 1 year after discontinuation might be an early indicator of a protolerogenic mechanism.
Lack of effect of Timothy grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet on birch pollen–induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in an environmental exposure unit; Background: Timothy grass pollen allergen extract tablets (Grastek) are standardized sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-T) approved for the treatment of grass pollen–induced allergic rhinitis (AR) and conjunctivitis. Many grass allergic patients are also cosensitized to birch pollen. Whether Timothy grass SLIT-T can confer symptomatic benefits for birch pollen–induced AR symptoms is unknown. Objective: To evaluate the treatment effect of Timothy grass SLIT-T for birch pollen–induced AR in participants sensitized to both grass and birch pollen using an environmental exposure unit (EEU). Methods: This study was a phase 4, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study that enrolled participants aged 18 to 65 years allergic to both timothy grass and birch pollen. After a baseline EEU birch pollen challenge, in which a minimum total nasal symptom score (TNSS) of 6 of 12 was required for enrollment, participants were randomized to receive Timothy grass SLIT-T or placebo taken once daily for 4 months. No confirmatory grass pollen challenge was performed. The primary end point was the change in TNSS averaged from assessments from hours 2 to 5 during the posttreatment birch pollen challenge compared with baseline. The secondary and exploratory end points included temporally identical changes in total ocular symptom score (TOSS), total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (TRSS), and individual symptom scores. Results: The difference in TNSS reduction after 4 months of therapy between the Timothy grass SLIT-T and placebo group was not significant (P =.83). Reductions in TOSS (P =.19) and TRSS (P =.67) were also comparable between groups. Findings between groups for individual symptom scores were similar (all P >.40), except for watery eyes, in which symptom reduction was slightly better in the placebo arm (P =.01). Timothy grass SLIT-T was well tolerated, and no serious adverse effects occurred. Conclusion: A bystander effect of grass SLIT-T on birch pollen–induced AR symptoms was not detected. Symptomatic benefits of grass SLIT-T are likely allergen specific. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02394600.
RCAT reflects symptom control and quality of life in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients; Background: The Global Allergy and Asthma European Network (GA2LEN) Taskforce has requested more data on correlations between various patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in clinical trials on allergy. We compared three tools—the Rhinitis Control Assessment Test (RCAT), Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) and Rhinitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS)—to determine whether the RCAT alone is a sufficient primary outcome parameter in clinical trials on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: In two double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy studies, 33 patients allergic to grass pollen and 94 to birch pollen completed two questionnaires (RCAT and RQLQ) and kept their own symptom diary from which the RTSS was calculated. Results: Upon comparing RCAT and RQLQ results, we found strong correlations of r = −0.871 for grass pollen–allergic patients and r = −0.795 for birch pollen–allergic patients. The comparison between RCAT and RTSS results showed a strong correlation of r = −0.811 (grass pollen–allergic patients) and a moderate correlation of r = −0.539 (birch pollen–allergic patients). In the RCAT, 69.7% of grass pollen–allergic patients and 45.7% of birch pollen–allergic patients receiving guideline-concordant therapy were regarded as having insufficiently controlled symptoms. Conclusion: The strong correlations suggest that the RCAT alone is equivalent to the RQLQ with respect to patients' symptom control and quality of life. Patients with uncontrolled symptoms can be identified using the RCAT. Hence, the physician can decide whether symptomatic therapy can be intensified or allergy immunotherapy should be administered.
Antigenic cross-reactivity between Schistosoma mansoni and pollen allergens from the birch tree (Betula verrucosa) and Timothy grass (Phleum pratense): involvement of shared glycan epitopes and implications for the hygiene hypothesis; Previous studies have shown that schistosome infection can protect against allergic symptoms, but the underlying mechanisms are still not fully understood. Here we have shown that rabbit IgG antibodies raised against Schistosoma mansoni soluble egg antigens (SmSEA) are cross-reactive with a wide array of molecules in Timothy grass pollen (TGP) and birch tree pollen (BTP). Five of the cross-reactive pollen molecules (two from TGP and three from BTP) were selected randomly and identified by tandem mass spectrometric (TMS) analysis to be, respectively, the TGP allergens Phl p 1 and Phl p 5b, and BTP glutathione S-transferase (GST), and the BTP allergens Bet v 1 and Bet v 6.0102. Rabbit anti-SmSEA IgG antibodies that cross-reacted with each of the five allergens were found to be reactive with three major S. mansoni egg antigens, IPSE/alpha-1, omega-1 and kappa-5. Pairwise alignment of the amino acid sequences of each of the five TMS-identified pollen allergens with each of the three egg antigens revealed a low level of amino acid sequence identity. Further experiments indicated that the schistosome antigen/allergen cross-reactivity was mostly due to similar glycans present in helminths and plants, but not in mammals: so called cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (CCDs). Previously, CCDs have been implicated in the cross-reactivity between many plants and invertebrates. Furthermore, pollen-induced anti-CCD IgGs have been found in sera of patients undergoing allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) and implicated in the treatment of the allergy. Thus, our finding provides not only possible explanations for the allergy-protective effect of helminth/schistosome infections as explained by the hygiene hypothesis, but also a potential starting point for improved SIT.
Specific immunotherapy in local allergic rhinitis: A randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial with Phleum pratense subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy; Background: Allergen immunotherapy has been shown to be an effective treatment for local allergic rhinitis (LAR) to house dust mites. Studies with pollen allergen immunotherapy are limited to observational studies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of Phleum pratense subcutaneous immunotherapy (Phl-SCIT) in LAR. Methods: In a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study, 56 patients with moderate-severe LAR to grass pollen received Phl-SCIT with a depigmented polymerized pollen vaccine or placebo for the first year, and Phl-SCIT the second one. The blind was maintained throughout the study. Primary outcome was combined symptom medication score (CSMS) during grass pollen season (GPS). Secondary clinical outcomes included organ-specific symptoms, medication-free days, rhinitis severity and asthma control. Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ), nasal allergen provocation test (NAPT), skin testing, serum levels of specific IgG4 and specific IgE and safety were also evaluated. Results: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) had a short-term and sustained effect with significant improvements of all primary and secondary clinical outcomes and RQLQ score. SCIT significantly increased serum sIgG4 levels and allergen tolerance, from the 6th to 24th months of treatment. At the end of the study, 83% of patients treated with ≥6 months of SCIT tolerated a concentration of P. pratense over 50 times higher than baseline, and 56% gave a negative NAPT. SCIT was well tolerated
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-finding trial with Lolium perenne peptide immunotherapy; Background: A novel subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy formulation (gpASIT+™) containing Lolium perenne peptides (LPP) and having a short up-dosing phase has been developed to treat grass pollen–induced seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. We investigated peptide immunotherapy containing the hydrolysate from perennial ryegrass allergens for the optimum dose in terms of clinical efficacy, immunogenicity and safety. Methods: This prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase IIb, parallel, four-arm, dose-finding study randomized 198 grass pollen–allergic adults to receive placebo or cumulative doses of 70, 170 or 370 μg LPP. All patients received weekly subcutaneous injections, with the active treatment groups reaching assigned doses within 2, 3 and 4 weeks, respectively. Efficacy was assessed by comparing conjunctival provocation test (CPT) reactions at baseline, after 4 weeks and after completion. Grass pollen–specific immunoglobulins were analysed before and after treatment. Results: Conjunctival provocation test (CPT) response thresholds improved from baseline to V7 by at least one concentration step in 51.2% (170 μg
Novel strategies in immunotherapy for allergic diseases; Conventional immunotherapy (IT) for optimal control of respiratory and food allergies has been fraught with concerns of efficacy, safety, and tolerability. The development of adjuvants to conventional IT has potentially increased the effectiveness and safety of allergen IT, which may translate into improved clinical outcomes and sustained unresponsiveness even after cessation of therapy. Novel strategies incorporating the successful use of adjuvants such as allergoids, immunostimulatory DNA sequences, monoclonal antibodies, carriers, recombinant proteins, and probiotics have now been described in clinical and murine studies. Future approaches may include fungal compounds, parasitic molecules, vitamin D, and traditional Chinese herbs. More robust comparative clinical trials are needed to evaluate the safety, clinical efficacy, and cost effectiveness of various adjuvants in order to determine ideal candidates in disease-specific and allergen-specific models. Other suggested approaches to further optimize outcomes of IT include early introduction of IT during an optimal window period. Alternative routes of administration of IT to optimize delivery and yet minimize potential side effects require further evaluation for safety and efficacy before they can be recommended.
The use of omalizumab in allergen immunotherapy; Although omalizumab (anti-IgE) is currently only approved for the treatment of asthma and chronic idiopathic urticaria, it has also been studied as an off-label treatment for numerous allergic conditions, including use as an adjunct to allergen immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, asthma, venom hypersensitivity and food allergy. We conducted a review of publications involving the use of omalizumab with allergen immunotherapy, by searching PubMed with key search terms of “omalizumab” and “immunotherapy.” Omalizumab has been used in combination with inhalant allergen immunotherapy for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and comorbid asthma. While there have been no randomized controlled trials evaluating the addition of omalizumab to venom IT, several case reports and small patient series have been published on the use of omalizumab with venom IT. Omalizumab has been used in conjunction with oral immunotherapy for the treatment of milk, peanut and egg, as well as other foods in multi-allergen protocols. In conclusion, omalizumab used in conjunction with immunotherapy has shown promising results, especially in the reduction of adverse reactions. At this stage, larger, randomized, placebo-controlled trials are needed to better identify those patients who would benefit the most from the addition of omalizumab to immunotherapy, as well as optimal dosing strategies and duration of treatment.
Results from the 5-year SQ grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet asthma prevention (GAP) trial in children with grass pollen allergy; Background: Allergy immunotherapy targets the immunological cause of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic asthma and has the potential to alter the natural course of allergic disease. Objective: The primary objective was to investigate the effect of the SQ grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet compared with placebo on the risk of developing asthma. Methods: A total of 812 children (5-12 years), with a clinically relevant history of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and no medical history or signs of asthma, were included in the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, comprising 3 years of treatment and 2 years of follow-up. Results: There was no difference in time to onset of asthma, defined by prespecified asthma criteria relying on documented reversible impairment of lung function (primary endpoint). Treatment with the SQ grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet significantly reduced the risk of experiencing asthma symptoms or using asthma medication at the end of trial (odds ratio = 0.66, P <.036), during the 2-year posttreatment follow-up, and during the entire 5-year trial period. Also, grass allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms were 22% to 30% reduced (P <.005 for all 5 years). At the end of the trial, the use of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis pharmacotherapy was significantly less (27% relative difference to placebo, P <.001). Total IgE, grass pollen–specific IgE, and skin prick test reactivity to grass pollen were all reduced compared to placebo. Conclusions: Treatment with the SQ grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet reduced the risk of experiencing asthma symptoms and using asthma medication, and had a positive, long-term clinical effect on rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and medication use but did not show an effect on the time to onset of asthma.
Prevalence and clinical characteristics of local allergic rhinitis to house dust mites; Purpose of review Local allergic rhinitis (LAR) is a recently classified subtype of rhinitis defined by a nasal allergic response in patients without systemic evidence of atopy. Recent studies have reported the prevalence, clinical course, culprit allergens, diagnostic methods and treatment outcomes of LAR. The purpose of this review is to summarize the most relevant and updated scientific evidence for LAR, especially focusing on its prevalence and clinical characteristics. Recent findings LAR is found in a significant proportion (3.7-61.9%) of patients previously diagnosed with nonallergic rhinitis, but the prevalence may differ among ethnic groups and countries. Common allergens of LAR are similar to those of allergic rhinitis, in which house dust mites are the most common cause, followed by grass pollen, tree pollen, weed pollen and animal dander confirmed by provocation tests. Although the nasal provocation test to a single allergen is considered the gold standard method, the detection of allergen-specific IgE and other inflammatory mediators from nasal secretions and the basophil activation test can assist in the diagnosis of LAR. Conjunctivitis and asthma are the most common comorbid conditions, and the occurrence rate of asthma increases over period. However, the conversion rate to allergic rhinitis was not significantly different between LAR and healthy controls. Summary LAR is a well-differentiated entity of rhinitis, which should be considered in patients with persistent and severe symptoms without any systemic evidence of atopy. Further research is needed to investigate the long-term outcome, and geographic and ethnic differences of LAR.
Modified Allergens for Immunotherapy; Purpose of Review: During the past few decades, modified allergens have been developed for use in allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) with the aim to improve efficacy and reduce adverse effects. This review aims to provide an overview of the different types of modified allergens, their mechanism of action and their potential for improving AIT. Recent Findings: In-depth research in the field of allergen modifications as well as the advance of recombinant DNA technology have paved the way for improved diagnosis and research on human allergic diseases. A wide range of structurally modified allergens has been generated including allergen peptides, chemically altered allergoids, adjuvant-coupled allergens, and nanoparticle-based allergy vaccines. These modified allergens show promise for the development of AIT regimens with improved safety and long-term efficacy. Certain modifications ensure reduced IgE reactivity and retained T cell reactivity, which facilities induction of immune tolerance to the allergen. To date, multiple clinical trials have been performed using modified allergens. Promising results were obtained for the modified cat, grass and birch pollen, and house dust mite allergens. Summary: The use of modified allergens holds promise for improving AIT efficacy and safety. There is however a need for larger clinical studies to reliably assess the added benefit for the patient of using modified allergens for AIT.
Analysis of a possible anti-inflammatory effect of cinnamon extract in allergic immune responses; Recently, cinnamon extract has been shown to inhibit mast cell degranulation and De novo synthesis of mast cell-specific inflammatory mediators. The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of cinnamon extract on allergen-specific immune responses in vitro and in vivo. Therefore, BALB/c mice were immunized with ovalbumin (OVA)/alum and orally treated with cinnamon extract or the solvent ethanol as control. For the in vitro experiments, allergen-pulsed monocyte-derived mature dendritic cells (DC) from grass or birch pollen allergic donors were treated with cinnamon extract or ethanol and co-cultured with autologous CD4+ T cells, and/or cinnamon extract/ethanol was directly added to these co-cultures. Furthermore, leukotriene release of basophils was analyzed in the presence or absence of cinnamon extract. Treatment of OVA/alum-sensitized mice with cinnamon extract led to a shift from OVA-specific IgE towards OVA-specific IgG2a production together with a slight reduction in eosinophil numbers and airway hyperreactivity. In vitro, addition of cinnamon extract but not ethanol strongly reduced leukotriene release of basophils as well as allergen-specific T cell proliferation and cytokine production in selected donors, while some donors were not affected by this treatment. Taken together, our data indicate that cinnamon might be a candidate for treatment of allergic inflammation in special donors which needs to be further investigated.
Ultra-short-course booster is effective in recurrent grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: A relevant proportion of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) patients experience recurrent symptoms after successfully completing allergen immunotherapy (AIT). This prospective, controlled, noninterventional study used internationally standardized instruments to determine the clinical effects of a preseasonal, ultra-short-course booster AIT on clinical outcome parameters. Methods: This two-arm study included patients aged ≥12 years with recurrent grass pollen-induced seasonal AR who had completed a successful course of any grass pollen AIT at least 5 years before enrolment. Overall, 56 patients received one preseasonal short-course booster AIT using tyrosine-absorbed grass pollen allergoids containing the adjuvant monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®)
Sublingual immunotherapy provides long-term relief in allergic rhinitis and reduces the risk of asthma: A retrospective, real-world database analysis; Background: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) is the only treatment for allergic rhinitis (AR) and/or allergic asthma (AA) with long-term efficacy. However, there are few real-life data on the progression of AR and/or AA in patients receiving AIT. Objectives: To assess the real-world, long-term efficacy of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets in AR and their impact on asthma onset and progression. Methods: In a retrospective analysis of a German longitudinal prescription database, AR patients treated with grass pollen SLIT tablets were compared with a control group not having received AIT. Multiple regression analysis was used to compare changes over time in rescue symptomatic AR medication use after treatment cessation, asthma medication use, and the time to asthma onset in the two groups. Results: After applying all selection criteria, 2851 SLIT and 71 275 control patients were selected for the study. After treatment cessation, AR medication use was 18.8 percentage points lower (after adjustment for covariates, and relative to the pretreatment period) in SLIT tablet group than in the non-AIT group (P<.001). Asthma onset was less frequent in SLIT tablet group than in non-AIT group (odds ratio: 0.696, P=.002), and time to asthma was significantly longer (hazard ratio: 0.523
Comparison of the effect of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets and drops in children with rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: One of the most important aspects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is the regimen of administration. Aim: To find any differences in symptom-medication scores between the two groups of SLIT tablets and drops, given pre-coseasonally (starting 8 weeks before the pollen season) in children with rhinoconjunctivitis allergy to grass pollen. The secondary outcome were the differences in lung function and induction of T-regulatory forkhead box P3 (FOXP3) positive cells. Methods: This was a retrospective, secondary analysis of pooled data obtained from our two prospective randomized placebo controlled trials that involved children who underwent SLIT. Forty-one children, ages 6-18 years, with allergic rhinitis (AR), sensitive to grass pollen, participated in the study. Results: Treatment with both tablets and drops significantly reduced all symptoms (nasal, asthma, and ocular) within the groups
Profilin, a change in the paradigm; Profilin is a protein that is present in all eukaryotic cells and is responsible for cross-reactivity between pollen, latex, and plant foods. It has been classically acknowledged as a minor or nearly irrelevant allergen, although recent data are changing this conception. The objective of this manuscript is to provide a comprehensive review of published data on the role of this ubiquitous allergen in pollen, latex, and plant food allergy. The patterns of recognition of this minor allergen follow a north-south gradient. Although present in all pollens and vegetables, profilin is significantly associated with allergy to grass pollen and to Cucurbitaceae fruits. Heb v 8, the latex profilin, is usually a marker of profilin allergy in plant food–allergic patients, although it has no clinical relevance in latex allergy. Sensitization to profilin jeopardizes the diagnosis of pollen allergy and selection of immunotherapy, and although component-resolved diagnosis can identify its impact, there are no tailored treatments available. In recent years, several new publications have shown how profilin should be taken into account and, under certain circumstances, considered a marker of severity, an allergen capable of inducing respiratory symptoms, and, in its natural purified form, a potential candidate for etiological treatment of food allergy. Current data on profilin strongly support the need for a shift in the previously accepted paradigm for this allergen. More research should be done to assess the real clinical impact of sensitization in specific populations and to develop therapeutic strategies.
Recurrence of eosinophilic oesophagitis with subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy; Case reports have described an association between oral food/aeroallergen immunotherapy with the development of eosinophilic oesophagitis (EoE). The underlying mechanism of this is poorly understood, as is the role that both food/aeroallergen sensitisation plays in the pathogenesis of EoE. Specific immunotherapy has a long-standing history of use in the management of moderate/severe seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR), caused by tree/grass pollens. Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) to grass pollen is less commonly used in children than sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) or oral immunotherapy for practical reasons. We describe a case of a child with severe grass-pollen related AR and known, but quiescent, EoE, who developed recurrence of oesophageal symptoms on two separate occasions, coincident with the commencement of SLIT to grass pollen. He was subsequently started on SCIT to grass pollen and developed recurrence of symptoms of EoE- A phenomenon that has yet to be reported in the medical literature.
Quality of Life during the hay fever season after short-course subcutaneous immunotherapy with Lolium perenne peptides (LPP) in grass pollen related rhinoconjunctivitis: A RDBPCT; RATIONALE: Lolium Perenne Peptides (gpASIT+™) is a novel, adjuvant-free immunotherapy formulation containing highly purified natural allergen fragments of LPP for the treatment of grass pollen-nduced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Quality of Life during the grass pollen season was investigated in adult hayfever patients subsequent to study treatment administered at 4 weekly visits. METHODS: 554 patients with moderate to severe grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis who participated in double-blind placebo-controlled trial were randomized 1:2 to receive weekly administrations of placebo or increasing doses of LPP to reach a cumulative dose of 170μg within 3weeks prior to the pollen season. Quality of life was assessed before, during and after the season using the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ(S)) and the Nocturnal Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (NRQLQ). RESULTS: Global RQLQ and NRQLQ scores were similar in both groups before the pollen season [mean total,95%CI
Safety of 300IR 5-grass tablet in children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: results of an observational, post-marketing safety study; RATIONALE: We report safety data of 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet∗ from a post-marketing study conducted in grass pollen-allergic children in Europe. METHODS: This multicenter, observational study included allergy immunotherapy-naïldren 5 to 9 years old with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (AR) with/without conjunctivitis prescribed with 300IR tablet daily. Patients whose parent/legal guardian provided written consent were followed for safety and tolerability during the first 30 treatment days. Adverse reactions (ADRs) were analyzed descriptively. RESULTS: 307 children (mean age: 7.1 years, SD: 1.42) were enrolled in 2015-2016: 71% were males, 70% polysensitized. The mean duration of their AR was 2 years. 76% had conjunctivitis, 36% had asthma. Over the first treatment month, 173 (56%) patients reported ADRs, most frequently application-site reactions (e.g., throat irritation, oral pruritus, oral paresthesia), mild in 73% of ADRs, moderate in 24%. ADRs occurred in 20% patients on Day 1, 14% on Day 2, 34% within Day 3-Day 10. 16 (5.2%) patients discontinued due to ADRs: application-site reactions in 3.3%. Two patients reported serious reactions. One experienced oral pruritus, mild urticaria and asthmatic attack (grade II anaphylaxis, Day 5), received oral antihistamine/inhaled salbutamol and resumed treatment. The other developed severe lip and eye swelling (angioedema, Day 26) resolved within six hours with IVantihistamine/corticosteroid. She was hospitalized overnight. No epinephrine use nor ICU was reported. CONCLUSIONS: Over the first treatment month, the safety profile of the 300IR tablet in 5 to 9-year-old children was consistent with that previously observed in pre- and post-marketing settings. ∗The US indication is for patients 10-65.
Consistent composition and potency of freeze dried tablets for sublingual immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Consistency in composition and potency of allergen products is important for the clinical performance in everyday practise. Release kinetics of individual allergen components from source materials differ, and the production process must be optimised individually for every source material in order to secure consistent composition and potency of the final drug product. METHODS: Aqueous extraction of grass and ragweed pollen as well as house dust mite (HDM) particles was performed under chemical conditions resembling the conditions on the airway mucosa. Tablet disintegration experiments were performed in water. 69, 29 and 35 batches were analysed from grass, ragweed and HDM SLIT-tablets, respectively. Release kinetics were assessed by immunoelectrophoresis (IE), immunodiffusion, IgE binding, ELISA and mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Release kinetics from source material vary among allergen molecules and complete release can take up to two hours. Major allergen content released from tablets was normalized relative to the mean and the standard deviation (SD) measured was 5.0% for Phl p =, 6.6% for Amb a 1 and 9.8%, 6.7% and 11.4% for Der f 1, Der p 1 and Der 2, respectively. The SD of IgE-binding potency was 6.2%, 8.4% and 5.5% for grass, ragweed and HDM tablets, respectively. All relevant allergens were assessed semiquantitatively by IE ensuring optimal complexity of the final products. Disintegration time for all 3 freeze dried tablet formulations was within 2 sec. CONCLUSIONS: The SLIT-tablets contain a consistent composition and potency, which is achieved in an optimised production process taking into account the variable kinetics of extration of individual allergen components.
German practice – The effect of sublingual immunotherapy on standard pharmacotherapy – long-term data; There are limited data about the long term effectiveness of AIT after the treatment cessation, according to the chapter Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis of EAACI AIT Guidelines. The study we comment on, is of interest especially because of its long-term follow up data. In a retrospective analysis of a German longitudinal prescription database, allergic rhinitis (AR) patients treated with grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets were compared with a control group not having received AIT. The outcomes of the study show the changes in standard pharmacotherapy prescription. These changes serve indirectly as the indicator of the current clinical status of patients. After treatment cessation, AR medication use was 18,8 percentage points lower in SLIT tablet group than in non-AIT group (p 0.001). Time to asthma onset was significantly longer (hazard ratio: 0.523, p = 0.003) in the SLIT tablet group. After SLIT cessation, asthma medication use fell by an additional 16,7 percentage points (relative to the pretreatment period) in the SLIT tablet group vs the non-AIT group (p = 0.004). Linking similar studies with relevant diagnostic and clinical data of patients seems to be ideal for long-term data about AIT effectiveness. Nevertheless, this study is of interest and the outcomes should be taken into account.
The potential of component-resolved diagnosis in laboratory diagnostics of allergy; The initial laboratory approach in the diagnosis of allergies is to detect the type of allergic reaction, i.e. whether the patient’s allergy is mediated by immunoglobulin E (IgE) or not. For this purpose, the concentration of total serum IgE (tIgE) and specific IgE (sIgE) are determined. Progress in laboratory diagnostics is the use of component-resolved diagnosis (CRD) which implies determination of sIgE against purified native and recombinant allergenic molecules. Component-resolved diagnosis is used in laboratory practice as singleplex and multiplex assays. The choice of allergen for singleplex assay is based on anamnesis, clinical findings of a patient and on skin prick test results. Multiplex-microarray assays simultaneously determine multiple sIgE’s against numerous allergens. The goal of CRD is to distinguish the true allergens from the cross-reactive allergen molecules. Component-resolved diagnosis allows predicting the risk of severe symptoms, as well as anticipating the development of allergies. Thus, determination of sIgE against allergenic components may significantly improve current diagnostics of allergy. Since this method is applied in laboratory practice just a few years, it is necessary to acquire new knowledge and experience, to establish good co-operation between specialist in medical biochemistry and laboratory medicine and the specialist allergologist, so that the method can be applied in a rational manner. Component-resolved diagnosis will significantly improve the diagnostics of IgE-mediated allergy in the future. The aim of this article is to present potentials of CRD in the laboratory diagnostics of allergy mediated by IgE.
Efficacy of allergen immunotherapy and evaluation methods. Relation to specific allergen and route of administration; Efficacy of allergen immunotherapy is evaluated by means of clinical symptoms score, medication score, their combination and results of functional tests of respiratory tract. Value of immunological markers is not established and still remains useful for the research purposes. Evaluation of clinical outcomes of allergen immunotherapy focuses on target organ of allergic inflammation, allergy profile, patient’s age, composition of allergen extract and its route of administration. Results of systematic reviews addressed to assessment of therapy outcomes of allergen immunotherapy confirm efficacy of allergen immunotherapy given both subcuta-neously and sublingually in children and adults with atopic asthma, allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis sensitized to house dust mites, grass pollen or tree pollen.
Staloral in modern allergen immunotherapy; Sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is important option in the therapy of aero-allergen allergies. The first study evaluating the effectiveness and safety of this method appeared in 1986. Since then, several valuable clinical trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of sublingual AIT have been performed. Most of them was concerned on desensitization to popula allergens as grass pollen, birch and house dust mites. Allergen-specific immunotherapy with the use Staloral is effective and safe in children and adults. This opinion based on many scientific data including trials, meta analyses and real life studies. Staloral 300 has many features that predispose it to wide use in perennial or seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis with or without bronchial asthma. This is due to its formula and flexibility in the possible dosage for patients in every age group admitted to the AIT. This review presents current data on Staloral based on the literature and experience.
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets provide long-term relief of grass pollen-associated allergic rhinitis and reduce the risk of asthma: findings from a retrospective, real-world database subanalysis; Background: We assessed real-world, long-term effectiveness of two marketed sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets for allergic rhinitis (AR), and their impact on allergic asthma (AA) onset/progression. Methods: Retrospective, longitudinal German prescription database subanalysis of AR patients receiving 5- or 1-grass pollen SLIT tablets (n = 1,466/1,385), versus patients not using allergy immunotherapy (AIT) (n = 71,275). Primary endpoint: change over time in AR symptomatic medication prescriptions after treatment cessation
Preventing new sensitization and asthma onset by allergen immunotherapy: The current evidence; Purpose of review Specific allergen immunotherapy is considered a key candidate for a successful preventive intervention in atopic diseases. The strong association of atopic manifestations such as rhinitis and asthma with atopic sensitizations (specific serum IgE) provide a rationale for early intervention in childhood and adolescence. Recent findings Currently, the documentation of the disease-modifying intervention effects is limited to the secondary prevention of asthma symptoms in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. These effects appear to be rather allergen specific than nonspecific. Summary Documentation on disease modification including a reduction of asthma symptoms in children, particularly with grass pollen tablets has become quite robust. It is not clear up to now, if the new onset of allergic sensitizations can be modified. So far data on primary prevention are not conclusive.
Tablet-based sublingual immunotherapy for respiratory allergy; Allergic respiratory disease represents a significant and expanding health problem worldwide. The gold standard of therapeutic intervention is still grucocorticosteroids, although they are not effective in all patients and may cause side effects. Allergen Immunotherapy has been administrated as subcutaneous injections for treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma and has been practiced for the past century. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets are now available for grass- or ragweed-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and will be available in Spain for house dust mite (HDM)-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma in the next months. In this review, new developments in the field of tablet-based SLIT for respiratory allergy are summarized, with special emphasis on HDM-induced allergic rhinitis and asthma. SLIT tablets are the best-documented immunotherapy products on the market and represent a more patient-friendly concept because they can be self-administrated at home.
Modulation of the immune reponse to subcutaneous grass pollen-specific immunotherapy by vitamin D-data from a controlled clinical pilot trial; The allergic immune reaction is modulated by vitamin D. Upon activation human B lymphocytes can produce endogenously the active vitamin D-metabolite called calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3) from the inactive precursor and storage metabolite 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD). In consequence, vitamin D receptor signaling mediates an reducttion in IgE production and enhanced IL-10 expression. We previously showed in a preclinical model that endogenous calcitriol synthesis also inhibits the allergen-specific IgE sensitization. In addition, also the impact of allergen-specific immunotherapy on the allergen-specific humoral response and allergic airway inflammation is enhanced by 25OHD. Here, we investigated in a clinical pilot trial whether and how endogenous calcitriol influences the allergen-specific immune response also in the context of allergen specific immunotherapy. Therefore, patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis ± allergic asthma were investigated during 3 consecutive years upon treatment with specific immunotherapy in a pre-seasonal regimen. During this treatment period, 5000 I.U. vitamin D daily or placebo was given orally in a controlled randomized fashion (NCT01466465). Titrated allergy tests (intracutaneous test, conjunctival provocation), Pricktest, clinical scores and immunologic parameters (serum-Ig, peripheral lymphocytes) were determined before and after each immunotherapy course. The data show an efficient vitamin D supplementation and a clear difference regarding the vitamin D serum concentrations between both study groups. First analyses suggest a modulation of the immunotherapy-driven specific humoral immune response by vitamin D, in context with reduced reactivity in the allergen-specific skin test reactions. The data indicate that vitamin D in conjunction with immunotherapy can modulate the allergen-specific immune response.
Twenty years' observation of subcutaneous pollen allergoid immunotherapy efficacy in adults; Introduction: It is valuable to determine the long-term efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) and whether it can cure allergy. Aim: For this study, patients were prospectively observed for 20 years after completion of SIT to determine its effectiveness. Material and methods: A total of 1006 patients who underwent SIT for pollen allergy were observed for 20 years to assess the efficacy of SIT. The rhinitis symptom score (RSS) and asthma symptom score (ASS) were measured after SIT completion. The possibility of allergy cure was estimated based on three sets of criteria: group A - neither symptoms nor intake of medication during the analysis period, group B - no symptoms during the analysis period (but possible medication intake), and group C - at most one mild symptom during the analysis period. Results: After SIT, approximately 25% of patients showed complete relief of allergy symptoms and had no need for symptomatic drug treatment during the pollen season. The level of effectiveness of SIT was similar throughout the treatment period. During the observation period after SIT, RSS ranged from 1.51 to 1.82, and ASS ranged from 1.22 to 1.29. The treatment effect at 10 and 20 years after SIT was comparable, regardless of whether criterion A or B was used. However, the effect of SIT using criterion C was lower than those using criteria A and B for the analyzed time points. Conclusions: For this study cohort, SIT had a long-term effect that did not depend significantly on the duration of immunotherapy against pollen.
A retrospective analysis of patients who received treatment with Sublingual Immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis since 2010; Objectives: The incidence of seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) is increasing in the UK and it is known to decrease quality of life in children. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a safe and simple treatment for those who have inadequate response to maximum pharmacotherapy. However, there have been concerns of an association with Eosinophilic oesophagitis (EoE). The aim of this project was to assess the impact treatment with SLIT had on AR symptoms and to ascertain incidence of new symptoms, particularly those of EoE. Method: Patients who had completed treatment with tree and/or grass pollen SLIT from 2010 to 2016 were sent a survey to complete. This asked about patient perception of AR severity since completion of treatment, rescue medication for AR the patient was currently taking and used a standardised symptom questionnaire to assess symptoms of EoE. Results: 77 patients were contacted, there was a 62% response rate. 45% received treatment with both grass and tree SLIT, 32% with grass alone and 12% with tree alone. 2% felt their symptoms had resolved completely, 88.5% responded that their AR was either 'better' or 'much better' and 8% felt there was no difference in symptoms after treatment with SLIT. 88% still required treatment with antihistamines but only 13% were using a nasal spray. 7% reported needing no treatment. 1 respondent (2%) reported recurrent heartburn, no one else reported any symptoms of EoE. Conclusions: The results from this cohort of patients show that the vast majority of patients report a significant improvement in AR symptoms following treatment with SLIT. We did not find any association with symptoms of EoE in this cohort. SLIT therefore remains a safe and efficacious treatment for AR and should be encouraged as an add-on treatment in children who have had a suboptimal effect from maximal conventional pharmacotherapy.
Structural and immunological characterisation of a broad-spectrum grass allergoid vaccine; Objectives: Immunological and structural characterisation of a complex broad-spectrum grass allergoid vaccine was sought. Mapping IgG epitopes and their functional capacity to induce blocking antibodies for one of the major grass allergens (Lol p1) allows further insights into the mechanism of action for allergoid SIT and provides steps towards standardising allergoid vaccine formulations. Method: Reduced allergenicity and maintained immunogenicity potential of a grass allergoid vaccine was determined using an ELISA inhibition platform. Specificity of immunogenic determinants including Lol p1 IgG-binding epitopes were identified via ELISA inhibition experiments with Lol p1 specific synthetic peptides. The blocking capacity of Lol p1 induced IgG was assessed via IgE ELISA specificity and SDS-PAGE/Western blotting. Results: Attenuation of IgE immunoreactivity and maintenance of IgG immunoreactivity following glutaraldehyde modification of the mixed-grass native extract was confirmed. Retention of six Lol p1 IgG-binding epitopes on a solvent exposed area of the N-terminal domain of Lol p1 homology model was demonstrated. A novel IgG epitope was identified, not previously characterised, and was classified as immune-dominant. Lol p1 specific IgG antibodies exhibited functional capacity to block 50% of IgE binding sites from the native grass extract. Conclusions: Structural and immunological characterisation of the mixed-grass allergoid vaccine formulation demonstrated a high degree of preservation of Lol p1 IgG binding epitopes. It supports the concept of using an allergoid vaccine for treatment of grass allergies and provides further insights of its immunogenicity potential. The blocking function of IgG antibodies reaffirms the protective function of immunotherapy induced antibodies.
Study of impact of allergen immunotherapy using Pollinex Quattro tree and/ or grass pollen on patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Objectives: More than 20% of the British population are affected by allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis which, if untreated, can cause a significant reduction in quality-of-life. Allergen immunotherapy is reserved for patients with moderate/severe IgE-mediated disease, who do not respond to conventional pharmacological interventions, aiming to improve symptoms/quality-of-life and instigate long-standing tolerance. We aimed to assess the impact on symptoms and quality-of-life of patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis on completion of three years of treatment with Pollinex Quattro tree and/or grass pollen pre-seasonal immunotherapy. Method: A study of all patients with moderate/severe allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis, not responding to optimised conventional treatment, who completed a three-year course of immunotherapy at our Allergy Centre to tree and/or grass pollen from 2011 to 2016. Patients completed validated questionnaires-SNOT-22 and RQoLQ -at baseline (B) and end-of-treatment (Y3). Data were analysed using IBM-SPSS statistical package (Wilcoxon test). Results: Twenty-seven patients completed immunotherapy within the above period but data was available for 25. Male/female ratio was 0.67
Allergenicity of dominant aeropollen in Nigeria: Part I; Several pollen grains have been studied in detail for purification and characterisation of allergenic components in the advanced countries
Safety Review of 5-Grass Pollen Tablet from Pooled Data of Clinical Trials; Background The 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet has been approved for the treatment of grass pollen–induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in subjects with or without intermittent asthma. Objective To provide a comprehensive analysis of the safety profile of the 5-grass tablet on the basis of pooled data from 8 clinical trials. Methods Subjects (5-65 years old) with medically confirmed grass pollen–induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were included in the double-blind studies. Those with intermittent asthma not requiring treatment other than inhaled beta-2 agonists could participate. Randomized subjects received a 5-grass or placebo tablet daily 2 or 4 months preseasonally and coseasonally (5 single-season studies, over 3 years in a long-term study) or outside the season (phase I studies). Adverse events were pooled and analyzed descriptively. Results Among 2,512 subjects enrolled, 1,514 received the 5-grass tablet. A total of 1,038 adults and 154 pediatric (5-17 years old) subjects were treated with the 300 Index of Reactivity dose (vs 840 and 158 placebo recipients, respectively)
Dose-response relationship of a new Timothy grass pollen allergoid in comparison with a 6-grass pollen allergoid; Background: Subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy with grass pollen allergoids has been proven to be effective and safe in the treatment of patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Based on the extensive cross-reactivity among Pooideae species, it has been suggested that grass pollen extracts could be prepared from a single species, rather than from a multiple species mixture. Objective: To find the optimal dose of a Phleum pratense (P. pratense) allergoid preparation and compare its efficacy and safety to a 6-grass pollen allergoid preparation. Methods: In this double-blind, placebo-controlled study (EudraCT: 2011-000674-58), three doses of P. pratense allergoid (1800 therapeutic units (TU), standard-dose 6000 TU and 18 000 TU) were compared with placebo and the marketed 6-grass pollen allergoid (6000 TU). In a pre-seasonal dosing regimen, 102 patients were randomized to five treatment groups and received nine subcutaneous injections. The primary efficacy endpoint was the change in weal size (late-phase reaction [LPR]) in response to the intracutaneous testing (ICT) before and after treatment, comparing the active allergoids to placebo. Secondary outcomes were the change in Total Nasal Symptom Score (TNSS) assessed in the allergen exposure chamber (AEC), the changes in P. pratense-serum-specific IgG4 and the incidence of adverse events (AEs). Results: All three doses of the P. pratense and the 6-grass pollen allergoid preparations were significantly superior to placebo for the primary outcome, whereas there were no significant differences in the change in TNSS. Compared to the standard-dose, the high-dose of P. pratense did not produce any additional significant benefit, but showed a slight increase in AEs. Yet this increase in AEs was lower than for the 6-grass pollen preparation. Conclusions & Clinical relevance: The standard-dose of the new P. pratense allergoid was comparable to the marketed 6-grass pollen preparation at equal dose for the parameters measured.
Steroid sparing effect of sublingual immunotherapy: real life study in mono/polisensitized children with asthma; Aim: Steroid-sparing effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in mono/polisensitized asthmatic children were evaluated. Materials and Methods: Children undergoing allergen-specific SLIT between 2010 and 2014 were included. Asthma control and usage/dose of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) in the previous year was determined. Asthma control without ICS need ≥6 months was defined as 'ICS avoidance'. Results: 90 children (mean ± SD age 8.92 ± 4.17 years) were enrolled, 56.7% (n = 60) being polysensitized. Mono, 2-simultaneous and multiple-pollen-mix allergen SLIT were prescribed in 84.4, 17.8 and 7.8%, respectively. ICS was avoided in 70%, with no significant difference in mono- versus poly-sensitized patients. ICS-avoidance rates in mono-allergen, pollen-mixture and 2-simultaneous-allergen SLIT were 93.6, 83.3 and 73.7%, respectively. Longer-duration SLIT resulted in significantly more ICS-avoidance (p:0.0001). Conclusion: SLIT with mono/multiple-mixed/simultaneous allergens in childhood asthma resulted in retained-avoidance of ICS. Steroid-sparing effect of SLIT in polysensitized children warrants further investigation.
Treatment with grass pollen slit tablets is associated with long-term relief of allergic conjunctivitis; Background: A retrospective studywas conducted aiming to assess long-term efficacy of grass pollen (GP) sublingual immunotherapy in real life (1). Herein, we provide outcomes of sub-analyses related to progression of allergic conjunctivitis (AC). Methods: In a retrospective analysis of a German national longitudinal prescription (Rx) database (IMS LRx), 2 cohorts of patients with GP allergic rhinitis (AR) were selected active treatment (AT) and control (CT) groups. Sensitivity analysis was conducted to assess progression of conjunctivitis and main AR analyses were repeated only for ophthalmic corticosteroids and ophthalmic corticosteroid/antibiotic combinations. Poisson regression was used to compare changes over time in rescue symptomatic medication use in the 2 groups. Confounding variables (gender, age at the index date, main prescriber, asthma status at the index date and number of AC Rx before and duration of the analysis) were corrected for in all analyses. The database does not include any safety data. Results: After applying all selection criteria, 2,851 SLIT and 71,275 CT were selected for the study. After treatment cessation, AR medication use was 18.8 percentage points lower and a significant long-term effect in improvement on the progression of conjunctivitis compared with CT group was observed during treatment: Regression Coefficient (RC) [95% confidence interval (CI)] = 0.74 [0.49-0.99]
Tolerance of needleless subcutaneous immunotherapy in children; Introduction: Pain, local reactions and the fear of anaphylaxis due to inadvertent intravenous administration limit the use of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in children. We evaluate its tolerability when delivered by a needleless device. Methods: Children with grass or mite-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or bronchial asthma received a glutaraldehyde-polymerized allergenic extract (Allergovac Polymeryzed®, Bial Aristegui, Italy). Each dose was divided in two parts: half was injected with the traditional syringe (dose a), half in the other arm with a needleless device (A-check-jet, Mediform, Italy
Efficacy of SQ slit-tablets in mono-and polysensitized HDM, grass, and ragweed allergic subjects; Introduction: Many allergic patients are poly-sensitized and the benefits of treatment with sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-tablet) targeting only one allergy have been debated. In 3 different patient cohorts we studied the effect of treating monoand poly-sensitized allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis (AR/C) subjects with SLIT-tablets containing house dust mite (HDM), grass, or ragweed allergens, respectively. Methods: We performed analyses of pooled data from 10 DBPC SLIT-tablet AR/C trials: 2 HDM SLIT-tablet trials (N=1,762)
A plasmid containing CpG ODN as vaccine adjuvant against grass carp reovirus in grass carp Ctenopharyngodon idella; CpG oligodeoxynucleotides (ODNs) are proved to have strong immune stimulatory activity. Plasmids containing CpG ODNs could be conveniently and low-costly used as vaccine adjuvant. However, they are different among various plasmids, motif repeats, species, etc. In the present study, plasmid pcDNA3.1 (+) containing five repetitions of CpG ODN 1670A named pcDNA3.1-1670A*5 with strong immunostimulation was screened out from twelve recombinant plasmids and three empty vectors by cell proliferation activity, interferon promoter activities and immune related gene expressions in CIK cells. It works through TLR9-mediated signaling pathway, triggering the immune related genes expression. Furthermore, the potentiality of pcDNA3.1-1670A*5 as adjuvant was tested in vivo. pcDNA3.1-1670A*5 was coinoculated with inactivated GCRV vaccine on grass carp fingerlings. Immunoglobulins (IgM, IgD, IgZ), TLR9, IFNγ2, IFN1, TNF-α, Mx2 and VP4 were examined. Ultimately, pcDNA3.1-1670A*5 significantly enhanced the expressions of IgM in serum, head kidney and spleen, recognition receptor TLR9 as well as antiviral effector molecule Mx2, and inhibited GCRV proliferation in head kidney and spleen tissues. The present study explored the application and mechanism of plasmid containing CpG ODN as high-efficient adjuvant to promote efficiency of vaccine and control disease in grass carp, which will contribute to the development of new type CpG ODN adjuvant in aquaculture industry.
Long-term impact of grass-pollen (GP) sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT) on allergic rhinitis (AR) and on allergic asthma (AA) onset and progression; Objectives: To assess the long-term effectiveness of grass-pollen (GP) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet on allergic rhinitis (AR) and asthma in France. Methods: A retrospective analysis using real-world data from IMS Longitudinal Prescriptions (LRx), a database including one-third of French retail pharmacies was performed over 4.8 years (March 2012 to December 2016). Two cohorts of patients with GP AR were selected: patients treated with GP SLIT tablet for at least 2 successive GP seasons (SLIT Tablet group (STG)) were compared with patients treated with symptomatic treatments (Control group (CG)), matched on age and index year (i.e.: year of SLIT tablet initiation). Multiple regressions were used to compare changes over time in symptomatic AR medication deliveries (MD), asthma MD, and asthma onset in the two groups. Results: 1,099 and 10,990 patients were included respectively in STG and CG. In both cohorts, 43.2% were aged between 6-17, 47.3% between 18-45 and 9.5% > 45. A ratio between symptomatic AR MD before treatment and after treatment cessation highlighted that symptomatic AR MD were reduced by 80% in SLIT tablet group versus 20% in CG. A linear regression showed that this reduction was significantly higher in STG (p< 0.0001). In STG, asthma occurred in 13.7% of patients without asthma before index versus 20.6% in the CG and a logistic regression allowed to conclude that this rate was significantly lower in STG (p< 0.0001). For patients with asthma, with a median reduction of 50% of asthma MD during analysis period, STG presented a significant reduction compared to CG which remained stable over time on this endpoint (p< 0.0001). Conclusions: GP SLIT tablets significantly reduced AR progression after treatment cessation, asthma occurrence and progression during and after treatment cessation, as assessed by MD. These real-life data confirms a previous German study and reinforces SLIT tablets overall value.
Quality of life improvement after a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy in patients with house dust mite and grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis: Results from real-life; Background: Along with its high prevalence, the burden of allergic rhinitis rests upon the serious impact on quality of life of patients. Allergic rhinitis is associated with impairments in daily activities, work and school performance, and practical problems. Patients suffer from sleep disorders and emotional problems. The advantages of sublingual immunotherapy on quality of life have only recently begun to emerge. The objective of this prospective real-life study was to evaluate the effect of a three-year course of sublingual immunotherapy with house dust mite (HDM) and grass pollen extracts on quality of life in adults with allergic rhinitis. Methods: A total number of 191 adult patients [105 (54,979%) men
Sialylated Fetuin-A as a candidate predictive biomarker for successful grass pollen allergen immunotherapy; Background Eligibility to immunotherapy is based on the determination of IgE reactivity to a specific allergen by means of skin prick or in vitro testing. Biomarkers predicting the likelihood of clinical improvement during immunotherapy would significantly improve patient selection. Methods Proteins were differentially assessed by using 2-dimensional differential gel electrophoresis and label-free mass spectrometry in pretreatment sera obtained from clinical responders and nonresponders within a cohort of 82 patients with grass pollen allergy receiving sublingual immunotherapy or placebo. Functional studies of Fetuin-A (FetA) were conducted by using gene silencing in a mouse asthma model, human dendritic cell in vitro stimulation assays, and surface plasmon resonance. Results Analysis by using quantitative proteomics of pretreatment sera from patients with grass pollen allergy reveals that high levels of O-glycosylated sialylated FetA isoforms are found in patients exhibiting a strong decrease in rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms after sublingual immunotherapy. Although FetA is involved in numerous inflammatory conditions, its potential role in allergy is unknown. In vivo silencing of the FETUA gene in BALB/c mice results in a dramatic upregulation of airway hyperresponsiveness, lung resistance, and TH2 responses after allergic sensitization to ovalbumin. Both sialylated and nonsialytated FetA bind to LPS, but only the former synergizes with LPS and grass pollen or mite allergens to enhance the Toll-like receptor 4–mediated proallergic properties of human dendritic cells. Conclusions As a reflection of the patient's inflammatory status, pretreatment levels of sialylated FetA in the blood are indicative of the likelihood of clinical responses during grass pollen immunotherapy.
SQ® grass tablet for subligual immunotherapy: Current evidence and results of clinical trials conducted in Europe and North America; Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is one of the most frequent chronic diseases with a prevalence in Germany of 13 - 24%. In ∼50% of patients in Central Europe it is triggered by allergens from grass pollen. Allergy immunotherapy is currently considered to be the only treatment option with a long-lasting and potentially disease-modifying effect. For the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet that has been authorized for marketing in Germany by the Paul-Ehrlich-Institut in 2006, a large number of clinical trials has been conducted in Europe and North America demonstrating the efficacy already in the first grass pollen season as well as long-term trials with adults, children and adolescents over the complete treatment period of 3 years and a 2-year follow- up period after the end of treatment. The current review describes the actual evidence available for the efficacy of the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet based on the trials conducted in Europe and North America. Two long-term trials have demonstrated long-term efficacy and disease-modifying effect both in children and adults. The long-term trial with children is currently the only available trial with allergy immunotherapy investigating the preventive effect with respect to progression of the allergic disease to asthma versus placebo and is, thus, giving direction for future allergy immunotherapy trials. In children between 5 and 12 years of age with clinically relevant grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis but without asthma the risk to develop asthma symptoms or to need asthma medication was statistically significantly lower compared with placebo over the entire trial period of 5 years (odds ratio OR = 0.66, p = 0.036 at end of study). With more than 5, 700 patients in clinical trials and more than 25 peer-reviewed publications the trial results with the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet comprise an essential part of the currently available body of evidence for allergy immunotherapy.
Assessment of allergen-specific IgE by immunoblotting method in atopic dermatitis; Background and Objectives. Stimulating the immune system by exposure to various allergens to produce specific IgE has a significant role in the pathogenesis of atopic dermatitis. Identifying disease-causing allergens, prevention of exposure to those allergens, and immunotherapy will play an important role in the treatment of Atopic Disease. The purpose of this study was to determine the common allergens of northwest of Iran in patients with atopic dermatitis that are resistant to treatment. Materials and methods. In this descriptive-analytical study, serum levels of total IgE and frequency of specific IgE were measured by Immunoblotting against 20 common allergens in 150 cases of patients with atopic dermatitis, attending to dermatology and asthma and allergy clinics from 2010 to 2011. The control group consisted of individuals who had been clinically healthy. Results. In the 90% of patients that were included in this study, total IgE levels were higher than in healthy people with mean serum levels of total IgE 227.51 ± 103 IU/ml. 136 patients (90.6%) had specific IgE for at least one allergen. The frequency of positive allergens among the patients who were included in this study were 53.34%, 26.8%, and 19.56% respectively in plants and fungus allergens group, animal allergens group and food allergens group. After avoiding of the allergens (which they had been sensitized to), 60% of patients were cured with immune therapy, and total IgE serum levels in the control group were not increased. Conclusion. Identifying the abundant allergens such as cultivated rye, Timothy grass, house dust mite, birch, cat, horse, potato, dog, egg white, cow milk, in order to advise patients to avoid them or to do immunotherapy and desensitization, is useful in this area.
Molecular features of grass allergens and development of biotechnological approaches for allergy prevention; Allergic diseases are characterized by elevated allergen-specific IgE and excessive inflammatory cell responses. Among the reported plant allergens, grass pollen and grain allergens, derived from agriculturally important members of the Poaceae family such as rice, wheat and barley, are the most dominant and difficult to prevent. Although many allergen homologs have been predicted from species such as wheat and timothy grass, fundamental aspects such as the evolution and function of plant pollen allergens remain largely unclear. With the development of genetic engineering and genomics, more primary sequences, functions and structures of plant allergens have been uncovered, and molecular component-based allergen-specific immunotherapies are being developed. In this review, we aim to provide an update on (i) the distribution and importance of pollen and grain allergens of the Poaceae family, (ii) the origin and evolution, and functional aspects of plant pollen allergens, (iii) developments of allergen-specific immunotherapy for pollen allergy using biotechnology and (iv) development of less allergenic plants using gene engineering techniques. We also discuss future trends in revealing fundamental aspects of grass pollen allergens and possible biotechnological approaches to reduce the amount of pollen allergens in grasses.
Distinctive gene signature of allergen-specific CD4+T cells in allergic patients; Allergic patients display abnormal immune responses to harmless antigens, including abnormal Th2 polarization and induction of allergen-specific T and B cells, resulting in development of allergy instead of tolerance. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is currently the only causative treatment of allergic disorders. Yet, understanding of the underlying differences in allergen-specific responses between allergy and tolerance is lacking. We investigated whole-genome transcriptomics of circulating birch and grass specific CD4+ T cells in patients before and during AIT, as well in non-allergic healthy controls. Detailed immunophenotyping with flow cytometry and CD4+ MHC class II tetramer staining with low RNA/single cell next generation sequencing were performed. At baseline, out of the season, there were more allergen-specific CD4+ T cells in allergic patients than in controls. At this time, over 1500 genes were differently expressed in allergen-specific CD4+T cells in patients, but they were less upregulated in signal transduction, inflammatory response and coagulation categories as compared to controls. During AIT we noted further increase of allergen-specific CD4+ cells with subsequent gene expression change. Finally, we found increase in allergen-specific Treg cells in patients upon AIT, but not in tolerant controls. Yet, at early AIT time points, allergen-specific Treg cells displayed gene profiles suggesting their insufficient functions. In summary, in vivo allergen exposure causes profound changes in the transcriptomic profiles of allergen-specific T cells. These gene profiles seem to be deficient at baseline in allergic patients, but AIT is skewing them into the tolerant controls levels.
A practical guide to the sublingual immunotherapy tablet adverse event profile: implications for clinical practice; Objectives: Treatment with allergy immunotherapy improves allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, but can also improve comorbidities associated with allergic rhinitis such as asthma. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets are a convenient and efficacious method of allergy immunotherapy. They are self-administered after the first tablet has been provided under medical supervision. Therapy may elicit local reactions or, rarely, systemic allergic reactions. The objective of this report is to inform healthcare practitioners about the safety and tolerability profile of SLIT-tablets and use this information to provide practical guidance that may inform patients regarding potential adverse reactions and how to manage them. Methods: Pooled analyses of safety data from completed randomized, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 and phase 3 US and EU trials of timothy grass, short ragweed, and SQ house dust mite SLIT-tablets were conducted to characterize safety and tolerability. Results: SLIT-tablets are generally well tolerated. No life-threatening events, serious systemic allergic reactions, or events that compromised the airway have been reported. The most common treatment-related adverse events (AEs) are oral site reactions, most of which begin on day 1 of treatment, recur for less than 2 weeks, and resolve after approximately 30–60 minutes. Systemic allergic reactions have been managed with conventional pharmacotherapy. Reactions treated with epinephrine are uncommon, but have been reported. Treatment of AEs, treatment discontinuation considerations, and patient FAQs regarding SLIT-tablet safety/tolerability are discussed. Conclusions: This report gives healthcare providers valuable information to educate patients regarding what to expect in terms of SLIT-tablet safety and tolerability. Practical guidance is also provided to ensure proper treatment of any adverse reactions.
Poor sleep is highly associated with house dust mite allergic rhinitis in adults and children; Background: Sleep disorders are often underreported to physicians by patients with allergies. This study aimed to characterize the sleep disorders associated with respiratory allergy to house dust mites (HDM) at the time of initiation of sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) in routine clinical practice. Methods: This prospective, cross-sectional, observational study was conducted between November 2014 and March 2015 at 189 French trial sites and included 1750 participants suffering from HDM allergy who were initiating SLIT. Participants aged less than 5years old and those who had previously started an allergen immunotherapy (AIT) for HDM allergy were not enrolled in the study. Sleep disorders were assessed by self-administered questionnaires: the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) and a modified version of the Hotel Dieu-42 (HD-42) sleep disorder questionnaire. Logistic regression models adjusted for obesity, smoking status, asthma control and nasal obstruction were used to study the relationship between allergic rhinitis (AR) classification and sleep disorders/complaints. Results: Of the 1786 participants enrolled, 1750 (907 adults and 843 children) composed the analysis population. The majority of participants (73.5% of adults and 65.8% of children) reported that their sleep disorders had prompted them to consult their physician. The most commonly observed sleep complaints were poor-quality sleep (50.3% of adults and 37.3% of children), snoring (48.1 and 41.4%, respectively) and nocturnal awakening (37.6 and 28.2%, respectively). Difficulties falling asleep were reported by 27.0% of adults and 24.7% of children. Adults and children suffering from severe persistent AR experienced sleep complaints significantly more often than participants with intermittent or mild persistent AR. Conclusions: This study highlights the high frequency of sleep disorders and their significant impact on patients with AR induced by HDM, in particular when AR is persistent and severe. Consequently, asking allergic patients about the quality of their sleep appears to be important, especially when the patient has persistent and severe AR.
A survey on the perception of allergy specialists about the reimbursed grass pollen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinitis in Italy; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a feasible option to classical subcutaneous immunotherapy to treat respiratory allergy and is increasingly prescribed in Europe. However, the lack of reimbursement may limit its prescription. In 2015, the 5-grass pollen tablets was authorized by the European Medicine Agency to treat grass-pollen induced rhinitis and was approved in Italy for full reimbursement. We evaluated the opinions of allergy specialists after the availability of the reimbursed 5-grass pollen tablets. Methods: A multiple choice questionnaire composed by six questions was used to assess the specialists opinion. The questionnaire was uploaded on the free access online platform SurveyMonkey. The link to access the platform was sent to all members of the Società Italiana di Asma, Allergologia e Immunologia Clinica (SIAAIC). The access to the questionnaire was anonymous. At survey ending, the access was closed and data were downloaded directly from SurveyMonkey website. Results: The questionnaire was filled by 70 allergists. The majority of allergists felt as most important the concept of SLIT as a drug, the content of allergen extract mirroring the natural exposure, the pre-coseasonal schedule as the most patient's oriented, the very good profile of tolerability and safety, the importance of the build-up phase, and the importance of checking the patient after starting immunotherapy. Conclusions: The opinions of the Italian allergy specialists about the reimbursed 5-grass-pollen tablets are very positive and make likely an appropriate prescription of SLIT for grass-pollen induced rhinitis in the next years.
Treatment with grass allergen peptides improves symptoms of grass pollen–induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background Synthetic peptide immunoregulatory epitopes are a new class of immunotherapy to treat allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). Grass allergen peptides, comprising 7 synthetic T-cell epitopes derived from Cyn d 1, Lol p 5, Dac g 5, Hol l 5, and Phl p 5, is investigated for treatment of grass pollen–induced ARC. Objective We sought to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of intradermally administered grass allergen peptides. Methods A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluated 3 regimens of grass allergen peptides versus placebo in patients with grass pollen–induced allergy (18-65 years). After a 4-day baseline challenge to rye grass in the environmental exposure unit (EEU), subjects were randomized to receive grass allergen peptides at 6 nmol at 2-week intervals for a total of 8 doses (8x6Q2W), grass allergen peptides at 12 nmol at 4-week intervals for a total of 4 doses (4x12Q4W), or grass allergen peptides at 12 nmol at 2-week intervals for a total of 8 doses (8x12Q2W) or placebo and treated before the grass pollen season. The primary efficacy end point was change from baseline in total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score across days 2 to 4 of a 4-day posttreatment challenge (PTC) in the EEU after the grass pollen season. Secondary efficacy end points and safety were also assessed. Results Two hundred eighty-two subjects were randomized. Significantly greater improvement (reduction of total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score from baseline to PTC) occurred across days 2 to 4 with grass allergen peptide 8x6Q2W versus placebo (−5.4 vs −3.8, respectively
Local adverse effects and adherence to grass allergy sublingual immunotherapy with tablets in real life; Introduction: Safety and efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with tablets for grass pollen for allergic rhinitis and/or asthma are well known. Fixed diose-tablets are largely prescribed and in our country two products are currently available: a five-grass pollen tablet and a Timothy grass pollen tablet. According to our data, local adverse effects (AE) are very common and can lead patients to discontinue therapy. Aim of our observational study is to access incidence of AEs in real life and focus on likely risk factors. Objectives: From March to December 2016 SLIT-tablets were prescribed to 137 patients sensitized to grass pollen with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma. First administration took place at our clinic, when also patients were educated regards tablet assumption and to report immediately any AEs. Patients were also recalled after 3 months. We register referred AEs (clinic characteristic, time from SLIT last and first treatment,) and patient's demographic and clinic characteristics. Results: After assumption of the first tablet the most common AE (47 patients, 34%) is oral discomfort (oedema, irritation, itching), especially with timothy grass pollen tablet (68% vs 32%). One of these patients presented also widespread pruritus. Bronchospasm was reported in another patient. Only these 2 latter with immediate AEs discontinued SLIT. AEs registered after ≥ 2 weeks of treatment affected 20 patients (15%): rhinitis (1 pt), asthma (1), dysphagia (1), pruritus (2), abdominal pain (5) and oral discomfort (10). Among them, 10 patients (50%, 5 F, 5 M) discontinued SLIT: 4 with oral discomfort, 2 with dyspnea, 2 with abdominal pain, 1 with dysphagia, 1 with pruritus. Patients were mostly young adults (16-57 years, average 32) with higher education. All of them were polysensitized to pollens and/or house dust mites, and 60% presents both allergic rhinitis and asthma
Preliminary results of a tolerability study with polymerized depot mixture (100/100) of olea europaea and phleum pratense pollen extract; Introduction: Very often allergic patients are polysensitized to more than one allergen. In spite of the fact that individual vaccines administration for each allergenic source, is the therapeutic option recommended by the guidelines, it involves long periods of treatment, decreases patient's adherence and implies high economic costs. Objectives: The aim of this phase I, randomized, non-controlled, multicenter, opened, with parallel groups clinical trial, is to evaluate the safety and tolerability of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), in a polymerized mixture (100/100) depot presentation. Patients with rhino-conjunctivitis polysensitized to Olea europaea/ Phleum pratense received a schedule consisting of two weeks of initiation with three weekly injections
Nutritional wheat alpha-amylase/trypsin inhibitors but not a control storage protein from corn exacerbate allergen-induced gut and lung inflammation in humanized mice; Introduction: The non-gluten proteins wheat alpha-amylase/trypsin inhibitors (ATIs), which have been identified as potent nutritional activators of various innate immune cells via TLR4, are implicated as central triggers of wheat-induced asthma and gastrointestinal hypersensitivity to wheat. Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyse whether ATIs are also involved in gut and lung inflammation induced by other allergens in a recently developed humanized mouse model of allergy. Results: Therefore, NOD-scid gamma chain knock-out mice first received a gluten- and thus ATI free diet over at least three weeks before starting the experiment. Then, mice were engrafted with human PBMC from highly sensitized grass or birch pollen allergic donors together with the respective allergen or saline as control by intraperitoneal injection, and were fed with different ATI-containing diets or injected with purified ATIs. Three weeks later, mice were challenged with the allergen rectally, and gut inflammation was monitored by a high-resolution video mini-endoscopic system evaluating translucency, granularity, fibrin production, vascularity, and stool consistency. Airway hyperreactivity (AHR) was measured by invasive body plethysmography after an additional intranasal allergen challenge. Allergen-specific human IgE in mouse sera, which was detectable only in PBMC plus allergen-treated mice, was strongly enhanced in mice receiving an ATI-containing diet compared to mice that continued on the gluten-free diet. Consequently, allergeninduced IgE-dependent colitis and AHR were also enhanced in ATIfed mice. Even modestly enhanced gut inflammation was detectable in ATI-treated mice, which had been engrafted with PBMC alone in the absence of the respective aeroallergen, while this effect was not observed with the control storage protein zein from corn. Conclusions: These results underline that ATIs are important activators and adjuvants of allergy independent of their intrinsic function as allergens in wheat allergy which might be exploited for nutritional therapeutic strategies to address allergen- and wheatinduced intestinal as well as extraintestinal inflammation.
Evidence for long term effects of treatment with recombinant B cell epitope-based grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32; Introduction: A recombinant grass pollen vaccine (BM32) consisting of four recombinant PreS-fused grass pollen allergen-derived B cell epitope-containing peptides from Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 5 and Phl p 6 was recently developed and used for immunotherapy of grass pollen allergic patients in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) study including a baseline year in 2012 during which patients were characterized and two years of immunotherapy with BM32 (i.e., 2013 and 2014). Objectives: We investigated the possible long-term clinical efficacy and immunological changes 2.5 years after the last treatment. Patients from the study center in Vienna, Austria treated during 2013 and 2014 were called to a follow-up visit 2.5 years after treatment and asked to rate the severity of their allergic symptoms associated with grass pollen during the two post-treatment grass pollen seasons (GPS) (i.e., GPS 2015 and GPS 2016) in comparison to the grass pollen season in 2012 before treatment using a 10-point scale (from no symptoms to constantly severe allergy symptoms) symptom questionnaire. Pollen count data showed that subjects were exposed during the 2015 and 2016 GPS to heavy grass pollen exposure. In addition, follow-up blood samples were collected and assessed in vitro for the presence of allergen-specific IgG antibodies capable of blocking patients' IgE binding to the mix of Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 5, and Phl p 6 in comparison to before (i.e., visit 5= baseline) and during the two years treatment period. The blocking activity was evaluated by inhibition ELISA. Results: Patients treated with BM32 showed significantly less symptoms compared to placebo-treated patients and their symptoms had remained lower as compared to before treatment whereas no symptom changes were observed in the placebo-treated patients. BM32 induced allergen-specific blocking IgG antibodies were only found in the active groups and remained detectable even 2.5 years after treatment. Conclusions: Our results thus indicate that AIT with BM32 vaccine has long-term beneficial clinical effects.
Preseasonal grass pollen SLIT in at risk individuals confers protection from epidemic thunderstorm asthma; Introduction: Epidemic thunderstorm asthma in Australia is triggered when ryegrass pollen (RGP) grains rupture in storm moisture releasing respirable 3 lm starch granules impregnated by major allergens. Thunderstorm downdrafts draw granules to ground level mimicking aerosol challenges. Susceptibility to thunderstorm asthma is conferred by RGP allergy, which affects >20% of people in south-east Australia. Asthma risk correlates with the elevation of specific IgE in serum. Last November, a springtime thunderstorm in Melbourne triggered the most devastating recorded thunderstorm asthma event worldwide. In a city of 4.5 million, emergency services were overwhelmed by 10,000 hospital presentations. Nine people died. Objectives: From 2014-2016, we performed an investigatorinitiated study (NCT02014623) of sublingual desensitisation for seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) in RGP allergic patients using a commercial five-grass tablet. Our aim was to determine efficacy of a fourmonth (June-September) pre-seasonal regimen, with the short duration to improve adherence. Treatments were concluded before the RGP season (October-December) to reduce risk under local conditions of sudden and extreme pollen loads augmented by local wind patterns. Twenty three participants completed 2-3 years of treatment prior to November 2016. This provided a serendipitous experiment to examine the protective role of prior immunotherapy in the face of extreme thunderstorm asthma. Results: As anticipated, treatment reduced SAR symptoms (mean reduction in rhinitis symptom Visual Analogue Score 52±29 mm, P<.001) with consistent changes of immunological efficacy: specific serum IgG4 rise (median 0.37 g/L to 1.16 g/L, P<.01) and increased proportions of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ Treg (2.9% to 6.1%, P<.001) and CD4+CD45RA-Foxp3+iTreg (3.8% to 6.4%, P<.01) after treatment, as determined by in vitro stimulation of PBMC with RGP extract. Controls on medical therapy showed no change. During and after the thunderstorm event, 5/23 participants described mild asthma symptoms, but none experienced a flare requiring emergency presentation or systemic corticosteroids. This was despite elevated mean RGP serum specific IgE (52.7±38.4 IU), and 8/23 having documented asthma. Conclusions: Pre-seasonal immunotherapy in high-risk individuals protects from unpredictable epidemic thunderstorm asthma. This has profound public health implications for such devastating events which are likely to increase with climate change.
Immunotherapy with the recombinant B cell epitope-based grass pollen vaccine, BM32, does not induce IgE responses and may be suitable for prophylactic vaccination; Introduction: Subcutaneous and sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) containing natural allergen extracts is known to initially induce significant increases of allergen-specific IgE antibody levels. Although the clinical relevance has not been investigated this may hamper the prophylactic use of these vaccines. Objectives: In this study, we investigated the effect of treatment with BM32, a new vaccine against grass pollen allergy, on grass pollen allergen-specific IgE and IgG antibody levels. BM32 contains four recombinant fusion proteins of non-allergenic peptides from IgEbinding sites of major timothy grass pollen allergens Phl p 1, 2, 5 and 6 and the PreS protein from the Hepatitis B virus as a carrier. Methods: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter AIT study, 181 grass pollen allergic patients were treated with BM32. Subjects received in year 1 three pre-seasonal injections of either placebo (n=58), or 80 μg (n=60) or 160 μg (n=63) of BM32, respectively, and one booster injection in autumn In the second year treatment in the active group was performed with 80 μg of BM32. Blood samples were obtained at 11 time points during the study. Allergenspecific IgE levels were measured by the Phadia CAP system
Identification of genetic biomarkers useful for the prediction of severe pollenmediated food reactions; Introduction: Exposure to high levels of grass pollen may lead to a high degree of allergic inflammation, sensitization to minor allergens, such as profilin, and development of severe profilin mediated food reactions, similar to those described due to sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Objectives: Our objective here was to identify genetic biomarkers in order to generate a model that can improve the classification and treatment of patients with a higher probability of developing severe adverse reactions. Results: 6 healthy subjects (group 1, control) and 17 patients with mild (group 2) or severe (group 3) profilin mediated food reactions were studied. RNA extraction was performed on ficoll-isolated PBMCs using the RNeasy® Mini Kit (Qiagen) and its integrity was analyzed with Experion RNA StdSens analysis kit (Bio-Rad). The gene expression profile of all the samples was analyzed using the Gene- Chip® WT PLUS Reagent Kit (Affymetrix) and two specific software: Affymetrix® Expression Console™ and Affymetrix® Transcriptome Analysis Console (TAC). Finally, the microarray data was validated by quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR). The hierarchical clustering of the samples shows the separation of the patients into three clusters coincident with the three established clinical groups (control, mild and severe). Genetic profile of patients with mild reactions is similar to healthy patients while severe subjects were significantly different from the other two groups. Genes regulated in the severe group were related to histone modification pathways, human complement system, cell adhesion and TGF-β and its receptor. These changes may be associated with the different degree of inflammation between patients in each experimental group. Conclusions: In the course of our study we found out that severe patients had different RNA expression patterns compared to mild and non-allergic patients. This lead to the identification of genetic biomarkers useful for the generation of a model able to predict severe reactions and/or adverse reaction during immunotherapy, thus improving the diagnosis and treatment of this type of allergic patients.
Long-term sustained reduction of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children with grass pollen allergy-results from an asthma prevention (GAP) trial; Introduction: The GAP trial was a 5-year trial investigating the asthma preventive effect of a standard grass SLIT-tablet (75 000 SQ-T) in 812 children (5-12 years) with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen. As secondary outcomes, diseasemodifying effects on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) were assessed at the end of the trial (3 years of treatment, 2 years of follow-up). Objectives: During 2 weeks prior to the last grass pollen season (GPS) visit of the trial, the severity of ARC symptoms was recorded daily by the subject indicating a point on a visual analogue scale (VAS) between 'no symptoms' and 'severe symptoms' in response to the question 'How has your hay fever been today?'. The use of ARC pharmacotherapy was recorded daily during the same 2 weeks (antihistamine tablets, eye drops and nasal steroid). The severity of grass pollen ARC according to the ARIA classification (mild vs. moderate/ severe
Efficacy of a 3-week subcutaneous immunotherapy course in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: Results of a phase-3 study; Introduction: Subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is safe and efficacious for the treatment of grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. Two major issues with current immunotherapy are the long-term treatment schedule and poor adherence. A novel AIT using Lolium perenne peptides (LPP), based on highly purified allergen fragments from natural sources, has been developed for a 3-week treatment course for grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. This study investigated the clinical efficacy, tolerability, and safety of LPP during natural exposure to grass pollen. Objectives: This phase-III, double-blind, placebo-controlled study randomised 554 patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis with or without controlled asthma (ratio 1:2) to receive onceweekly injections of placebo or increasing doses of LPP, reaching the cumulative dose of 170 μg in 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was the average combined score (CSMS) of the daily total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (RTSS) and the daily medication score (RMS) during the peak of the subsequent grass pollen season. The reduction in reactivity to the conjunctival provocation test (CPT) was assessed as the secondary efficacy endpoint. Tolerability was assessed by monitoring local reactions, while safety assessments included systemic allergic reactions and treatment emergent adverse events. Results: After treatment with LPP, the CSMS improved significantly by 15.5% (P=.041) and RTSS by 18.5% (P=.013) during the pollen peak compared with placebo (Mann-Whitney test, intention-to-treat population: 171 patients in placebo and 339 patients in LPP groups). In addition, a 46% reduction in lung symptoms was observed in asthmatic patients treated with LPP compared to placebo. Reactivity to CPT decreased significantly in 60.0% of LPP-treated patients compared with 35.6% in the placebo group (P<.0001, Chi-square test). 89.4% of the patients reached the cumulative dose of 170 μg as defined in the protocol. 5.4% of patients under LPP discontinued treatment due to generally mild local or systemic reactions. No relationship was observed between the frequency/severity of adverse events and the injected dose. Conclusions: This study's data demonstrate that 3-week treatment with increasing doses of LPP (gpASIT+) confers clinical benefits to grass pollen-allergic patients during natural exposure to allergens. These results also confirm the overall good tolerability and safety of this novel immunotherapy approach.
Suitability of the facilitated antigen binding-assay for evaluation of treatment success in birch and grass pollen immunotherapy; Introduction: Currently, the facilitated antigen binding (FAB)-assay is discussed as one potential surrogate marker for monitoring successful allergen immunotherapy (AIT). The assay measures binding of allergen-IgE-complexes to B-cells. When sera from patients undergoing AIT are applied, binding to B-cells is often inhibited, which is proposed to be associated with treatment success. In the present work, the FAB-assay was performed with 69 sera of a double-blind randomized multicenter clinical trial. Included were patients with dual allergy (birch and grass) that were either treated with grass (n=34) or birch (n=35) pollen allergoid, one group served as the control for the other group. Effects of AIT were assessed by measuring nasal symptoms upon grass and birch pollen exposure in an environmental challenge chamber with each allergen before and after 9 months of AIT. All sera were measured in the FAB-assay blinded with grass and birch pollen extract (GPE, BPE) as well as with the most relevant single allergens Phl p 1, Phl p 5 and Bet v 1 in two concentrations. Objectives: The aim of this work was to evaluate if the FAB-assay is suitable to determine treatment success on single patient basis in birch and grass pollen IT. Specific and unspecific FAB-assay inhibitions were analyzed. Results: About 3/4 of patients receiving grass pollen allergoid, showed an inhibition after AIT with GPE. Vice versa also about 3/4 of patients receiving birch pollen allergoid showed inhibition after 9 months of AIT with BPE. The remaining patients showed no inhibition and are suggested by the assay as potential non-responders. As expected, when investigating patients receiving birch allergoid with the FAB-assay with GPE and in reverse, up to 90% showed no inhibition after 9 months. The application of single allergens resulted in slightly less specific and slightly more unspecific inhibitions. Conclusions: With regard to the treatment and control group, the FAB-assay with BPE and GPE revealed a specific treatment effect. Interestingly, this effect was slightly decreased when applying the single allergens. In a next step, FAB-assay results will be compared to the clinical parameters, especially to evaluate if patients that are suggested by the FAB-assay as non-responders are also with other parameters non-responders.
Development of an ELISA-based surrogate assay for measuring blocking IgG induced by ait; Introduction: The induction of allergen-specific blocking IgG antibodies which inhibits patients' IgE binding to the allergen is a major mechanism in successful allergen specific-immunotherapy (AIT). Objectives: We have developed an ELISA-based surrogate assay for measuring the capacity of IgG induced by AIT in a given patient to block the very same patients allergen-specific IgE binding. The assay was evaluated using sera from grass pollen allergic patients who had been treated with the recombinant grass pollen vaccine BM32 consisting of carrier-bound non-allergenic grass pollen allergen peptides from the four major grass pollen allergens Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 5 and Phl p 6 or with placebo. Blood samples were collected before (baseline visit), during the entire study period and after 2.5 years of treatment. Plasma samples were obtained and a heat inactivation procedure involving heating treatment at 56°C for 1.5 hours has been used for inactivation of the IgE antibodies. ELISA plate-bound rPhl p 1, 2, 5 and 6 mix was pre-incubated with the heat treated plasma containing only IgG antibodies and then exposed to untreated patients' plasma from baseline visit containing allergen-specific IgE. Bound allergen-specific IgE was detected with anti-human IgE antibodies and the mean percentage of inhibition of IgE binding was calculated as: % inhibition of IgE=100 ± (OD different visits/OD baseline visit) x 100. Results: Induction of allergen-specific blocking IgG antibodies inhibiting patients' IgE binding to the allergen was clearly detectable. Our results demonstrated that heat treatment at 56°C for 1.5 hours destroys IgE antibodies without destroying the activity of allergenspecific blocking IgG antibodies produced during the course of AIT. Sera from BM32-treated patients but not from placebo-treated patients strongly inhibited allergen-specific IgE binding and the inhibitory capacity of blocking IgG antibodies remained detectable even 2.5 years after treatment. Conclusions: The described surrogate ELISA assay will be useful for measuring the induction of truly IgE-blocking IgG antibodies in the course of AIT.
Treatment with a 300 index of reactivity (IR) 5 grass pollen tablet is associated with long-term relief of allergic rhinitis: A retrospective real-life dataset subgroup analysis; Introduction: A retrospective study was conducted aiming to assess long-term efficacy of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets in allergic rhinitis (AR), their impact on asthma onset and progression of asthma. This abstract provides outcomes of subgroup analysis related to long-term efficacy of patients receiving 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet in AR. Objectives: In a retrospective analysis of a German national longitudinal prescription (Rx) database (IMS LRx), two cohorts of patients with grass pollen AR were selected: active treatment (AT) and control (CT) groups. The primary endpoint was long-term efficacy of grass pollen SLIT tablets in AR assessed with the change from the year preceding index date in Rx of AR symptomatic medications to the period after treatment cessation. Total number of Rx per time period were summed and divided by the length of the time period. Linear regression was used to compare changes over time in rescue symptomatic AR medication use in the 2 groups. Confounding variables (gender, age group at the index date, main prescriber, asthma status at the index date and the length of the analytical time period) were corrected in all analyses. Sensitivity analysis was conducted to assess long-term efficacy in the subgroup of patients receiving 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet in AR. Results: Among the 1,466 patients receiving the 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet, the median yearly treatment duration is 5.5 months. The average number of 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet group treatment courses is 2.8, slightly lower but close from AIT duration of treatment recommended by Guidelines. A significant long-term effect in improvement on the progression of AR after treatment cessation compared with CT group was observed: linear regression analysis RC [95% CI]=-0.202 [0.245-0.158]
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets treatment is associated with reduction of new onset and progression of asthma; Introduction: This abstract provides outcomes related to long-term (LT) efficacy of grass pollen (GP) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets on new onset of asthma and its progression. Objectives: In a retrospective analysis of a German longitudinal prescription (Rx) database, 2 cohorts of patients with GP AR were selected: active treatment (AT) and control (CT) groups. The secondary endpoints were occurrence and progression of asthma, estimated from Rx of guidelines-recommended medications. The presence of asthma was defined as ≥ 2 prescriptions of these medications in the same year or in 2 successive calendar years. A progression was estimated by tracking asthma Rx (long-acting ßagonists, combinations of LABAs / inhaled corticosteroids (ICs), methylxanthines, leukotriene antagonists and depot formulations of systemic corticosteroids, SABAs and ICSs. The occurrence of asthma was analyzed as a binary (yes/no) variable. Structures of analyses of the occurrence and evolution of asthma being linear and logistic regressions respectively. Results: In the full analysis period, the proportion of initially asthma-free patients with new asthma onset was lower in AT group (n=208, 9.5%) than in CT group (n=6,222 11.6%). After adjustment for covariates, the odds ratio [95%CI] for new asthma onset evidenced a reduction in the risk of asthma in AT group vs CT group in all analytical time periods. The relative risk reduction was ∼30% during treatment and ∼40% during treatment and after treatment cessation. In patients with asthma before treatment initiation, the mean number of asthma Rx was slightly higher in AT group than in CT group (3.38 and 3.00/year). Values in the 2 groups were very similar during treatment period. After treatment cessation, fewer asthma Rx were observed in AT group than in CT group (0.68 and 1.13/year). Once adjusted for covariates, a linear regression showed that the progression of asthma was consistently and significantly slower in the AT group (treatment period: regression coefficient (RC) [95%CI] =-0.206 [-0.351
IgG4, but not IgG1, repolarizes proallergic M2a macrophages to a tolerogenic M2blike phenotype: Implications for allergen immunotherapy-mediated immune tolerance; Introduction: The induction of allergen-specific IgG4 antibody is a hallmark of allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT), but the mechanism how IgG4 could be involved in the induced immune tolerance is still unknown. We investigated here whether IgG4 could convert M2a macrophages, which are predominant in allergy, into an immunoregulatory M2b-like phenotype as new concept of AITmediated immune tolerance. Objectives: Because macrophages, in the presence of immune complexes, can be polarized in vitro into M2b, we investigated whether it would make a difference whether the allergen would be complexed by IgG1 or IgG4. Methods: Monocyte-derived macrophages (MDMs) were treated with M-CSF, followed by IL-4/IL-13 to induce the M2a allergic phenotype. To mimic immune complexes, culture plates were either directly coated with myeloma IgG1 or IgG4, or first coated with grass pollen major allergen Phl p 5 (for control Bet v 1 from birch), followed by incubation with recombinant human Phl p 5-specific IgG1 or IgG4. Finally, M2a polarized macrophages were added and grown for 72 h. Changes in cellular markers and cytokines were detected by flow cytometry and ELISA, respectively. Results: M2a cells expressed significantly (P<.0001) higher level of IL-10 when co-incubated with myeloma IgG4 than with myeloma IgG1. Furthermore, only upon incubation with the IgG4 myeloma, M2a cells secreted CCL-1 and IL-6 into supernatants, accompanied by a down-regulation of CD163 and CD206, and an up-regulation of CD86 expression, indicative for a shift to an M2b-like phenotype. In analogy, preliminary results obtained with the recombinant human anti-Phl p 5 antibodies demonstrate a significant (P=.0014) reduction of CD163 expression only when the IgG4 subclass was used in comparison with IgG1. Analyses of Fcg receptors (FcgRs) on macrophages demonstrated no modulation of FcgRIII expression by IgG4 treatment in comparison with IgG1, and failed to demonstrate a clear modulation of FcgRI or FcgRII by IgG4. Conclusions: Our results indicate that the IgG4 subclass can redirect the pro-allergic M2a macrophages to an immunosuppressive phenotype, characterized by IL-10. IL-6, and CCL-1, secretion and down-regulation of activation markers. We propose that this implies the involvement of macrophages in tolerance induction and could be a novel mechanism of AIT.
Graves-Basedow disease in an asthmatic woman; Case report: Objectives: To report the case of a young woman with worsening asthma in relation to the onset of clinical symptoms of hyperthyroidism, which was classified as Graves-Basedow syndrome, this being the most frequent cause of hyperthyroidism in young people and most common in females. Method: A woman, 36 years of age, with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma due to sensitization to olive tree and grass. She came in for a check-up due to worsening asthma symptoms of approximately three months' duration. In the latest check-ups after receiving specific immunotherapy for 4 years against olive she showed clear improvement. Currently, she reports dyspnoea almost daily with minimal effort, wheezing that won't abate with a bronchodilator, precordial pain and very frequent palpitations daily. After ordering complete blood work and spirometry with bronchodilator test (BDT) she was referred to cardiology and endocrinology. Results: The patient sweated profusely during the examination. Normal basal spirometry and negative BDT. Electrocardiogram: tachycardia with sinus rhythm. Echocardiography: normal. Blood work: TSH: 0.0, T4L: 1.37 and T3: 4.5. Antithyroid antibodies: negative. Thyroid ultrasound: generalized hypervascularization around the thyroid. Thyroid scan: diffuse toxic goitre. Our patient was diagnosed with primary hyperthyroidism due to probably Graves' disease. Currently treated with Carbimazole and propranolol as needed, showing improvement of respiratory symptoms. Conclusions: We report a case of worsening asthma in a clinically stable patient due to appearance of symptoms of hyperthyroidism. We recommend not underestimating any symptoms of new onset, to enable an alternative diagnosis and make new therapeutic recommendations.
Identification of novel biomarkers in the assessment of grass pollen slit response; Introduction: Allergic disease prevalence in developed countries is estimated between 10-30% of population with significant increase in progression and severity in last decades. Sublingual administration of Phleum pratense allergy immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets represents one of the most recent approaches of tolerance induction by way of the oral mucosal route aiming to a long-term allergen-specific immunomodulation in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without moderate asthma. We have documented a “disease-modifying” effect of SLIT-tablets for at least two years after stopping the treatment. Objectives: We now aim to elucidate the mechanisms responsible for these effects and to identify novel biomarkers useful for follow up and efficacy measurement. Results: 32 patients allergic to grass pollen, were enrolled in a double blind clinical trial for two years based on either placebo or immunotherapy treatment using a standardised grass SLIT-tablet. Serum samples and Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from all the patients were used to perform metabolomic and transcriptomic analysis. Samples for metabolomics were analysed using high throughput Liquid Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry (LCMS) technique. The gene expression profile of all the samples was analysed using the GeneChip WT PLUS Reagent Kit and two specific softwares. Results from metabolomics showed there were statistically significant differences between the two groups after two years of immunotherapy. However, the time was the most significant factor observed in the trial. Significant metabolites were tentative identified using online databases. Transcriptome analysis suggests significant differences in gene clusters associated with immunological response between placebo and active group. Conclusions: These findings in relation to immune response metabolism were joined to the transcriptomic outcomes in order to have more information that may elucidate the biological changes implied. In the light of the above, this is the first study of its kind that showed first insights into the effect of immunotherapy in patients allergic to pollen using SLIT- tablets.
Persistent induced regulatory T-cell response to grass tablet sublingual immunotherapy is linked to lower specific immunoglobulin-e and clinical benefit; Introduction: Sublingual administration of Phleum pratense allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets is a clinically efficient treatment for grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. However, kinetics of immunological changes in patients undergoing grass tablet SLIT treatment has not been adequately studied. Objectives: A 5-yr prospective clinical trial was designed, including a 3-yr grass tablet SLIT treatment period followed by 2 additional years after SLIT discontinuation. Systemic effects of SLIT on both humoral and cellular immune responses were evaluated in peripheral blood samples, in order to try to identify key immunological parameters that could explain sustained clinical benefit. Results: Thirty patients completed the 5-yr protocol. Grass tablet SLIT administration induced a 2-phase systemic humoral and cellular response that mostly persisted 2-years after therapy discontinuation. The Th2 response was initially exacerbated, detected as an increase in both allergen-specific IgE (sIgE) levels and IL-4 producing cells
Relevant patient benefit of 5-grass pollen tablet allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in grass-pollen allergic adults, adolescents and children with different clinical profiles; Introduction: AIT with the 5-grass pollen tablet has shown its efficacy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR) in several randomized controlled trials. As clinical benefit does not automatically suggest patient-reported benefit - a measurement which is becoming increasingly important for perceived benefit can be assumed to increase adherence to treatment - we investigated the benefit of 5-grass pollen tablet AIT in adults (A
Safety of an accelerated build up phase with pollen allergoids. A retrospective study; Introduction: Poor patients compliance is one of the main problems affecting allergen immunotherapy (AIT) and one of the most relevant factors for subcutaneous AIT is the inconvenience related to commuting to receive the allergy injections. Abbreviating the build up phase could reduce this inconvenience and consequently increase patients compliance. Objectives: We performed a retrospective survey on the safety of an accelerated build up phase with an extract of high-dose pollen allergoids. We collected 113 cases of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis, with/without asthma, treated with an abbreviated updosing, intended to reach the maximal dose of 6000 Therapeutic Units with only 4 weekly injections, instead of the conventional 7, thus completing the treatment within the time span of 3 weeks only. Total number of injections, local and systemic reactions were recorded and graded. Results: The survey included 69 males and 44 females, mean age 34.2 years (min. 7, max 76). Patients were treated with pollen allergoids as follows: 36 with grass extracts, 27 with parietaria, 13 with birch, 10 with mixed trees,7 with ragweed and 20 with a mixture of grasses with other pollens. All patients but one were able to reach the maximal scheduled dose, and 99 patients (87.6%) completed the treatment without any reaction. Ninety-five patients (84.0%) did so with the 4 scheduled injections. Eighteen patients required one extra injection: 9 for intercurrent not treatment-related events (flu, delayed interval, change of administering physician) and 9 for adverse reactions. Overall 12 mild local reactions and two severe local reactions (> 10 cm) were recorded (2.9% of the total injections). A severe local reaction was the cause for the one patient not reaching the maximal dose. No systemic reactions were observed. Conclusions: Accelerating the build up phase with hypoallergenic pollen allergoids is feasible and safe, leading to an increased patients compliance and ultimately to better clinical benefits. Furthermore, completing the treatment in just 3 weeks could allow to admit patients to AIT even in the proximity of the relevant pollen season.
Suppression of allergen-induced basophil activation upon treatment with subcutaneous house dust mite immunotherapy: A prospective study; Introduction: The effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) on basophils remains incompletely understood. Several studies have shown an early suppression of basophil activation, and a few studies have reported long-term suppression in response to SIT. Most studies involved venom IT, some involved grass, birch or cat IT. To our knowledge, no previous studies investigated the effect of house dust mite (HDM) IT on basophil activation. Objectives: To study the effect of HDM IT on allergen-stimulated basophil activation and to evaluate its relation with clinical response to treatment. Methods: Patients with HDM allergic rhinitis undergoing conventional HDM subcutaneous IT (HDM SCIT, n=23) and patients not undergoing IT (HDMA, n=10) were studied prospectively. Basophil activation experiments were performed before start of IT (visit 0), halfway initiation (visit 1), at the end of initiation (visit 2), after 4 months of maintenance (visit 3), and after one year of treatment (visit 4). The same time line was followed for the HDMA subjects. Whole blood samples were stimulated with various concentrations (0.0023-22.7 ng/ml) of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extract. Activated basophils were identified with flow cytometry by expression of CD63. Dose-response curve metrics (EC50, CD-sens, and Area Under the Curve) were determined as measures for basophil allergen-sensitivity. Results: Basophil activation of at least 15% upon stimulation with the highest allergen concentration was observed in all patients. IT induced a significant decrease of basophil activation over time (P<.001
Increase of systemic and local regulatory B cells coincides with a shift in T cell subpopulations in and out of grass pollen season; Introduction: Regulatory immune cells play a pivotal role for restoring tolerogenicity in allergic disease entities. IL-10-producing regulatory B cells (Bregs) are known to maintain regulatory capacities of T cells while restricting Th1 and Th17 differentiation. Recently, it has been shown that regulatory T cells (Tregs) can not only differentiate into effector Th17 cells via an intermediate subset expressing FoxP3 and IL-17 simultaneously, but also, that Th17 cells carry the ability to transdifferentiate “back” into Tregs. Objectives: In this study, we extracted sputum and blood cells from 40 allergic rhinitis patients with and without grass-pollen specific immunotherapy (AIT) as well as 25 healthy subjects in and out of season and analyzed different immune cell populations using flow cytometry. Results: Local and systemic T- and B-cell subsets were compared during grass pollen season and out of the season in allergic rhinitis patients and healthy controls. We found a significant increase in IL- 10-producing regulatory B cells out of the grass pollen season, while a positive influence of AIT on Breg populations became visible. On top, the IL-37+ regulatory B cells were significantly increased in season, while no significant intra-seasonal group difference arose. The increased local regulatory B cell population in sputum coincides with a significant decrease of effector Th17 cells and, notably, with an extra-seasonal increase in the local IL-17-expressing CD4+FoxP3+- Treg population. Conclusions: In summary, we could show that the seasonal immune response to specific immunotherapy involves the local induction of B cells carrying immunoregulatory functions. We postulate that this increase leads to a shift of Th17 cells towards a rather regulatory phenotype, as not only the Th17 population, but also the intermediate IL-17+FoxP3+ Treg subset was significantly increased out of the season. In conclusion, the frequency of Th17 cells and IL- 17-producing regulatory T cells in the peripheral blood and induced sputum may represent early biomarkers of immunotherapy efficacy.
Clinical effect of intra-lymphatic immunotherapy: Three years follow up from a double blind placebo controlled trail; Introduction: With intralymphatic immunotherapy, ILIT, AIT is delivered into the lymph nodes. This reduces the sensitivity of immune reactions to allergen. The time consumption of the AIT treatment is reduced from 3-5 years to 2 months, and the number of injection is reduced from 30 to three. Objectives: We have evaluated long term clinical effect of ILIT with a double-blind placebo controlled trail with three year follow up. Results: We included 36 patients with rhino-conjunctivitis in the grass pollen season and a positive skin prick test to grass pollen. Patients were randomized to placebo ILIT (n=12) or active ILIT (N=24) with 1.000 squ Phleum Pratense, Alum absorbed extract. We performed ultrasound guided injection in the spring 2014. Rhino-conjunctivitis symptoms and use of medication were recorded every day during the grass pollen season 2014, 2015 and 2016. We used a combined symptoms and medication score, cSMS, to evaluate the outcome. Days with cSMS<2 were defined as “no or minimal symptoms” and days with cSMS >6 were defined as severe symptoms. cSMS score was significant lower in the ILIT group than in the placebo group for 2014, 2015 and 2016. In 2014 mean cSMS was 4.05 (95%CI 3.51-4.58) in the placebo group vs 2.57 (95%CI 2.16-2.98) in the ILIT group, P<.001. In 2015 mean cSMS was 4.03 (95%CI 3.58-4.47) in the placebo group vs 2.45 (95%CI 2.08-2.82) in the ILIT group, P<.001. In 2016 mean cSMS was 4.64 (95%CI 4.27-5.01) in the placebo group vs 2.90 (95%CI 2.49-3.32) in the ILIT group, P<.001. Days with “no or minimal symptoms” were 47.6% with ILIT vs 29.5% with placebo in 2014, 53.8% vs 19.8% in 2015 and 35% vs 1.6% in 2016. Conversely, day with “severe symptoms” were 11.4% vs 29.5% in 2014, 5.7% vs 21.7% in 2015, and 8% vs 22.2% in 2016. P<.001. Conclusions: With this double-blind placebo controlled trail, we show that ILIT gives a significant and clinically relevant reduction in cSMS in all three years. Treated patients had less rhino-conjunctivitis symptoms and used less medicine during three years follow up after ILIT. Number of days with severe symptoms were reduced and replaced with more days with no or minimal symptoms. This trail confirms ILIT as an effective AIT. The very shot treatment period with only 3 injections makes ILIT a patient friendly and affordable form of AIT.
Short course treatment of subcutaneous peptide hydrolysate from lolium perenne (LPP) suppresses basophil responses and induces IgG-associated blocking antibodies: A RDPCT; Introduction: Conventional allergen immunotherapy administered either by subcutaneous or sublingual route requires long-term treatment in order to induce a desirable persistent clinical effect. We hypothesized that a 3-week treatment with subcutaneous peptide hydrolysate from Lolium perenne (LPP) is associated with a suppression of grass pollen-induced basophil hyperresponsiveness, an induction of IgG-associated blocking antibodies, and an improvement in clinical symptoms during the grass pollen season. Objectives: In a double blind-placebo controlled trial of grass pollen peptide immunotherapy, a subset of the participants from a single study site were randomized to receive LPP (n=22) or placebo (n=11) over the course of 3 weeks. CSMS were collected during the peak grass pollen season. Basophil hyperresponsiveness as measured by the expression of CD63 and CD203cbright on CRTh2+ basophils was assessed before treatment (V2, week 0), 2 weeks after the end of treatment (V6, week 5) and after the end of the pollen season (V8, 6 months) by flow cytometry. Specific IgE and IgG4 levels and IgG-associated inhibitory antibodies in serum were measured by ImmunoCAP system and IgE-FAB assay, respectively. Results: CSMS during the peak pollen season were reduced following LPP compared to placebo (35.1%). CD63+ and CD203cbright CRTh2+ basophils were decreased following gpASIT+ at V6 (P<.0001
Preliminary results of a tolerability study of SCIT with native depot Olea europaea pollen extract; Introduction: Grass pollens are the most commonly allergens responsible for rhinoconjunctivitis in Spain. However, olive pollen can be considered the main cause in certain areas of Andalusia, such as Jaén and Córdoba, where pollen counts in the air can reach peaks higher than 15 000 grains / m3 during the pollination period. Objectives: The aim of this phase I, multicenter, open clinical trial was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in depot presentation. Patients with rhinoconjunctivitis sensitized to Olea europaea received an abbreviated schedule consisting of: five weeks of initiation with six injections and a maintenance period of three months with a monthly administration. The primary outcome was the number, percentage, and severity of adverse reactions with this regimen. Secondary endpoint included evaluation of the subrogate efficacy parameters: changes in immunoglobulin titers (specific IgE, IgG and IgG4) and changes in cutaneous reactivity. Results: Currently, there are 42 patients ongoing treatment, in five hospitals. Following ARIA 2010 guidelines, 95.2% of patients were diagnosed of persistent moderate/severe rhinitis. The mean age is 37.5 ± 11.6 years, being 57.1% female. Moreover, 57.1% of the patients had concomitant mild/moderated asthma. The mean in years from the diagnosis of rhino-conjunctivitis to the informed consent signing is 10.2 ± 7.7 years. At baseline, patients showed the following sensitivity profile for IgE in KUa/L, for Olea europaea: class 2
Sublingual immunotherapy with 5-grass allergen suppresses the “spilling” of the airway inflammation to the lung periphery during the pollen season; Introduction: In a series of studies we have demonstrated that exhaled breath temperature (EBT), a surrogate marker of airway inflammation, consistently increases during the pollen season in subjects with symptoms of allergic rhinitis sensitized to grass. We have also proved that sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with 5-grass allergen vaccine reduces this EBT increase. We have further developed the EBT measuring technique to allow the assessment of the differential contribution of the central airway (Caw) and peripheral airways (Paw) in making up the overall EBT. We now present the results comparing EBT for Caw and Paw in SLIT treated and immunotherapy naïve patients. Objectives: We recruited 40 immunotherapy naïve volunteers with seasonal allergic rhinitis, all sensitized to grass pollens. Of these, 20 subjects (median age 33 years, age range 17-52 years, 10 men) were prescribed local medications to relieve their symptoms, while the other 20 subjects (median age 29.5 years, age range 12-59 years, 14 men) were started on SLIT with 5-grass mix 2 months before and through the grass pollen season. We measured EBT by means of a hand-held device, requiring multiple breaths into a thermal chamber to achieve a highly reproducible accurate estimate. We also measured the fractions corresponding to Caw (the first 10% of the expired air volume) and Paw (the last 70% of it) sampled with a fast reacting inflatable balloon valve system operated by a computer during a single breathing cycle. The ratios between EBT for Paw and Caw [%] were calculated and compared across the 2 visits. Results: In line with our previous experience, the in-season EBT increased from 34.08 ± 0.09°C [mean ± SEM] at V1 to 34.64 ± 0.09°C at V2 (P = <0.001) for the subjects on SLIT, and from 34.04 ± 0.07°C at V1 to 34.75 ± 0.06°C (P = <0.001) for those on local treatment. The increase was smaller for the SLIT group, but not statistically different from the other group (P = .18). However, the Paw/Caw EBT ratios between V1 and V2 did not increase for the SLIT group (P = .635), while it increased significantly for the local treatment group (P = .005). Conclusions: As the higher Paw/Caw EBT ratios suggest increased involvement of Paw, it appears that in allergic rhinitis subjects not on immunotherapy the seasonal increase of EBT is at the expense of the Paw, and that SLIT is preventing this increase in the periphery of the lung.
Control of allergic rhinitis after one year of sublingual immunotherapy with 5 grasses/4 cereals extract; Introduction: The long-term goal of management of patients with respiratory disease, such as allergic rhinitis (AR), is to achieve control. Effectiveness of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in reducing symptoms of AR is well documented, especially in adults. However, studies on control are insufficient. Objectives: The aim of the study was to investigate the control of allergic rhinitis on the first year after completion of a three-year treatment with 5grasses/4cereals sublingual immunotherapy. Results: A total number of 59 patients: range 12-48 years [46 adults (77.97%) and adolescence-13 (22.03%)] who completed a three-year course of SLIT with 5 grass/4 cereals extract were followed up Control of AR was assessed during the first pollen season (May and June) after SLIT completion by Rhinitis Control Assessment Test (RCAT), validated in Bulgaria. When assessed on the first season after completion, AR symptoms were well-controlled in 47 (79.66%) of patients: in 10 (76.92%) of the adolescence-5 boys (50%) and 5 girls (50%) and in 37 of the adults (80.43%)-22 men (59.46%) and 15 (40.54%) women. No significant difference in control between adults and adolescence was established (P > 0.1). Conclusions: The results from our study demonstrated sustained control of AR after one year of 5 grasses/4 cereals SLIT completion -in adults and as well as in adolescence.
The efficiency of venom immunotherapy and its positive correlation on pollen allergy; Case report: During the period of two years of VIT of my observed patients, I verified that the first case: 12 years old
Prospective adherence to specific immunotherapy in Europe (paste)-a three year survey; Introduction: In order for allergen immunotherapy (AIT) to induce long-term immunological and clinical effects prolonged administration is required. Therefore adherence to treatment is crucial for its efficacy. There is currently limited data available on AIT adherence beyond clinical trials i.e. in real-life clinical practice. Objectives: This EAACI Immunotherapy Interest Group endorsed survey aimed to prospectively evaluate adherence to sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy in adults with allergic respiratory diseases and Hymenoptera venom allergy in real life practice across different European countries. In addition, the reasons for lack of adherence and discontinuation of treatment were explored. This was a prospective, multi-centre, observational survey which took place in eight countries: Czech Republic, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Poland, Portugal and Spain. Data collection involved an online survey that followed participants four-monthly for a period of 36 months from the start date of AIT. Results: A total of 1336 participants were included in the analysis. The average age was 36.52 ± 13.09 years with the majority (53.97%) being male. The conditions being treated with AIT were allergic rhinitis (81.76% of participants), asthma (35.14%) and Hymenoptera venom allergy (15.24%). 52.03% of participants suffered with the condition for over 5 years prior to receiving AIT. 83.86% were treated by the subcutaneous route and the rest sublingually. The main allergens treated included grass pollens, house dust mite, Parietaria and Hymenoptera venoms. Preliminary analysis of the three year follow up data, showed good adherence to AIT with 88% of participants not missing any doses per 4-monthly period. Commonest reasons for missing doses were acute illness and forgetfulness. 19.9% (n=266) of participants that initially started AIT, discontinued treatment. The discontinuation rate for those receiving sublingual immunotherapy was 15.98% compared to 20.68% for the subcutaneous route. Reasons for discontinuation included financial cost and time/work commitments. Conclusions: Compared to reported adherence rates for pharmacological treatments of other chronic medical conditions, adherence to AIT in real life practice is very good. Discontinuation rates in daily practice are comparable to those previously reported from clinical trials. Targeting the reasons for non-adherence and discontinuation will improve AIT practice.
Aluminium hydroxide impairs tolerogenic properties imprinted by allergoids conjugated to nonoxidized mannan in dendritic cells; Introduction: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is the only curative treatment for allergy, but it faces problems related to efficacy, security, duration and patient compliance. Recent studies demonstrated that glutaraldehyde-polymerized grass pollen allergoids coupled to nonoxidized mannan (PM) represent novel suitable preparations to formulate improved vaccines for AIT. Aluminium hydroxide (alum) is the most widely used adjuvant in human vaccines but its way of action is not fully understood. Objectives: To study the immunological mechanisms by which alum condition the capacity of PM to generate human dendritic cells (DCs) able to promote healthy immune responses to allergens. Results: Alum significantly increases the activation of NF-jB/AP-1 and the production of IL-8 induced by PM in THP1 cells. The production of IL-10 and IL-6 by PM-activated human monocyte-derived DCs (hmoDCs) is significantly reduced in the presence of alum. In contrast, alum significantly increases the production of IL-1β and IL- 23 in PM-treated hmoDCs. As determined by flow cytometry, PD-L1 expression in PM-treated hmoDCs was reduced in the presence of alum, which was accompanied by decreased numbers of induced CD4+CD25highCD127- forkhead box P3 (FOXP3)+ Treg cells. Accordingly, alum significantly decreases IL-10-producing T cells generated by PM-treated hmoDCs, while increasing IL-5- and IFN-γ-producing T cells. Blocking experiments suggest that Syk, Akt and mTOR might contribute to the underlying immunological mechanisms modified by alum in PM-activated hmoDCs. In vivo immunizations of BALB/c mice showed that alum significantly reduces the numbers of FOXP3+ Treg induced by PM and increases proliferation and cytokine production in splenocytes. Conclusions: We provide novel insights into the influence of aluminium hydroxide in the immunomodulatory properties imprinted by allergoids conjugated to nonoxidized mannan in dendritic cells, which might have important implications for future development of novel AIT protocols.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) with both grass and birch allergen-a randomized double-blind placebo controlled trial; Introduction: Allergen specific immunotherapy is an effective but time-consuming treatment for allergic rhinitis. In order to shorten treatment duration, the use of three intralymphatic injections (ILIT) have been studied with diverging results. Objectives: This study assessed safety, clinical effects and immunological changes after ILIT with two allergens given simultaneously. Method: 58 patients with moderate to severe birch and grass pollen allergy were randomized 1:1 to receive three ultrasound-guided intralymphatic injections with placebo or Birch and Grass 1000 SQ/ U in each groin at one-month intervals. Patients were followed for one year and the study was conducted 2012-2015. Results: Baseline characteristics were the same in both groups. 56 patients received all three injections. 52 patients fulfilled the follow up-visits. Side effects reported were mild or moderate. The primary outcome measure was symptom score after nasal grass allergen, which decreased after active treatment. Skin prick test reactions were reduced and the Juniper Quality of Life Questionnaire scores improved in the active group during the birch pollen season, as compared to placebo. The consumption of nasal steroids and β-2- agonists increased during the birch pollen season in the placebo group, but was unchanged in active group. Immunological investigations showed that levels of S-IgG4 Timothy increased after active treatment. Allergen specific S-IgE levels remained stable or increased in the active group whereas the levels in placebo group decreased outside the pollen season. Analysis of lymph node aspirates and peripheral blood revealed an increased proportion of CD4 + effector memory cells in the active group but not in the placebo group. CD4 memory Th1-cells increased in the active group in blood
Management of Grass Pollen Allergy with 5-Grass Pollen Tablet: Results of a 2-Year Real-Life Study; Introduction: Allergen immunotherapy is the only treatment option for allergic rhinitis with disease-altering potential. It was the objective of this study to assess the effectiveness and tolerability of a 5-grass pollen tablet in a large population of non-selected grass pollen allergic patients, i.e. patients with different clinical profiles in daily clinical practice. Methods: In a 2-year, prospective, open-label, multicenter, non-controlled, observational study patients were included from 327 centers across Germany. Rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms, symptomatic medication intake and adverse events were recorded. Results: A total of 1482 patients aged 4–75 years were included. During the 2-year period of 5-grass pollen tablet therapy, mean rhinoconjunctivitis score decreased significantly in the overall study population by 65.5% (P < 0.001). The percentage of patients taking symptomatic medication decreased from 83.8% to 42.7%. Mean 2-year improvements in rhinoconjunctivitis scores and decreases in the percentage of patients taking symptomatic medication were broadly similar in adults, adolescents and children, in patients with polyallergy versus monoallergy, and in patients with/without asthma. Among polyallergic patients, concomitant application of another specific immunotherapy did not impair treatment outcomes. Adverse drug reactions, predominantly affecting the local application area, occurred in 15.4% of the overall patient population (n = 229). No cases of anaphylaxis or epinephrine use were documented. Conclusion: This study indicates that sublingual immunotherapy with the 5-grass pollen tablet is well tolerated and provides sustained effectiveness over 2 years in patients with different clinical profiles, producing a significant decrease in allergic symptoms and a reduction in the use of symptomatic medication. Funding: Stallergenes GmbH.
Allergen immunotherapy is safe during pollen season. Results of a 10-year, real-life prospective study; Objective Although systemic reactions (SRs) due to allergen immunotherapy (AIT) are rare, preventing them is a major concern for allergologists. Natural exposure during pollen season is a controversial risk factor, so some centers reduce AIT's maintenance dose in-season. The aim of this study was to examine whether administering the maintenance dose of subcutaneous AIT (SCIT) during pollen season, without adjustment, is safe. Patients and methods Initially, a retrospective pilot study was conducted, that included thirty-four monosensitized patients treated with perennial SCIT without in-season dose adjustment during maintenance. Pollen counts were monitored with a Burkard trap, to validate the pollen season. Two SRs were registered
Treatment Satisfaction During Sublingual Immunotherapy with a Five-Grass Pollen Tablet for Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis: A Prospective, Non-Interventional Study; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a safe/well-tolerated alternative to allergen injection immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). Patient adherence is essential and patient-related outcome measures including treatment satisfaction are informative/indicative of adherence. Objective: The aim was to assess treatment satisfaction with five-grass pollen tablet SLIT under real-life conditions. Methods: Treatment satisfaction among adults taking SLIT with a five-grass pollen tablet for grass pollen-related ARC was assessed with QUARTIS, a self-report questionnaire dedicated to the management of patients treated with SLIT for ARC. This 1-year prospective, non-interventional, post-authorization study was conducted in Germany between 2008 and 2010. Results: Of the 327 patients treated with the five-grass pollen tablet, 253 completed the QUARTIS questionnaire before and during (at least one item) treatment and were included in this analysis. Between the baseline and the treatment season, significant improvements were documented in nasal and ocular symptoms, and in the impact of allergy on everyday life. At the end of the first treatment period, patients had an improved opinion of the ease of SLIT intake and a significantly improved perception of SLIT. Compliance, overall satisfaction and motivation to continue SLIT the following year were good. Physicians’ assessments showed reduced symptoms and a reduced need for symptomatic medication throughout the study. SLIT was also well tolerated. Conclusion: Under real-life conditions, five-grass pollen tablet treatment was associated with a good level of treatment satisfaction, good symptom control, a reduced need for symptomatic medication, and favourable tolerability. These facets impacted favourably on patient functioning, disposition towards this medication, and adherence.
Sublingual house dust mite immunotherapy has no impact on decrease of circulating erythrocytes upon airway allergen challenge in allergic rhinitis; House dust mite (HDM) allergy is a predominant cause for perennial allergic rhinitis (AR) in Europe. We recently reported that circulating erythrocyte numbers decrease after airway allergen challenge in a murine asthma model and in grass-pollen sensitized AR subjects. Consequently, we aimed to evaluate these findings in HDM sensitized AR subjects and the influence of preceding allergen immunotherapy. Seventy-seven (age 26.8 ± 7.3 years
Mass spectrometry to complement standardization of house dust mite and other complex allergenic extracts; In the United States, the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research of the US Food and Drug Administration regulates biologics used for diagnosis and treatment of allergic diseases. The Code of Federal Regulations 21CFR680.3(e) states that when measured, the potency of an allergenic extract is assessed according to its allergenic activity. As of 2016, 19 allergenic extracts are standardized for potency in the United States. While these standardized extracts constitute a minority of those available, they treat the most prevalent allergies (e.g. grass and ragweed pollens, dust mites, and cat) and those that induce life-threatening anaphylaxis (e.g. Hymenoptera venom). Standardization for potency enhances safety and efficacy of immunotherapy by minimizing the risks of variations in allergen dosing when switching from one lot of manufactured extract to another, and by providing an objective measure of stability of each lot of allergenic extract over time. Allergenic extracts that have multiple immunodominant allergenic proteins are standardized with little or no information about compositional differences among extracts. Here, we propose application of mass spectrometry towards measurement of compositional differences among extracts that may affect the efficacy and safety of allergen immunotherapy. In addition, we discuss of house dust mite allergen extracts as a prototypical complex extract that may be standardized by mass spectrometry.
Placebo effect in clinical trials with allergen-specific immunotherapy with inhalant allergens; Placebo effects play an important role in the treatment of allergic diseases. Therefore, in this study, we analysed the described effects of placebo in all double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials of allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASIT) with inhalant allergens (birch, grass, house dust mites) listed in the tables (updated July 2016) attached to the German S2k guideline on allergen-specific immunotherapy in IgE-mediated allergic diseases. The most common placebo consisted of verum without allergen, but when the subcutaneous route was used, histamine was sometimes added. From the 33 studies analysed no conclusions could be drawn regarding the pure placebo effect. The symptom medication score (SMS) from an adequate baseline period was described in one single study. An untreated population was not included in any study. Indirect evidence points to substantial placebo effects in up to 77% of the subjects with respect to retrospective, subjective parameters. Well-known factors influencing the placebo effect such as age, gender, application route/composition of the placebo, individual and cultural differences, severity of symptoms at the beginning and the probability of receiving verum have not been addressed regarding ASIT and could not be estimated from available data. Taken together regarding ASIT the placebo effect has been investigated inadequately. In spite of significant expenditure of time and costs future ASIT studies should include assessment of the SMS in an adequate baseline period and preferably include an untreated trial arm. A better understanding of placebo effects in ASIT trials will improve the design of clinical trials and the assessment of therapeutic effects.
Allergic conjunctivitis in Asia; Allergic conjunctivitis (AC), which may be acute or chronic, is associated with rhinitis in 30%-70% of affected individuals, hence the term allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (AR/C). Seasonal and perennial AC is generally milder than the more chronic and persistent atopic and vernal keratoconjunctivitis. Natural allergens like house dust mites (HDM), temperate and subtropical grass and tree pollen are important triggers that drive allergic inflammation in AC in the Asia-Pacific region. Climate change, environmental tobacco smoke, pollutants derived from fuel combustion, Asian dust storms originating from central/north Asia and phthalates may also exacerbate AR/C. The Allergies in Asia Pacific study and International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood provide epidemiological data on regional differences in AR/C within the region. AC significantly impacts the quality of life of both children and adults, and these can be measured by validated quality of life questionnaires on AR/C. Management guidelines for AC involve a stepped approach depending on the severity of disease, similar to that for allergic rhinitis and asthma. Topical calcineurin inhibitors are effective in certain types of persistent AC, and sublingual immunotherapy is emerging as an effective treatment option in AR/ C to grass pollen and HDM. Translational research predominantly from Japan and Korea involving animal models are important for the potential development of targeted pharmacotherapies for AC.
Differences and similarities between sublingual immunotherapy of allergy and oral tolerance; Allergen immunotherapy is the only treatment altering the natural course of IgE-mediated allergies. Whereas the subcutaneous route for immunotherapy (SCIT) has been historically considered as a reference, we discuss herein the relative advantages of the sublingual and oral routes as alternatives to SCIT in order to elicit allergen-specific tolerance. The buccal and gut immune systems are similarly organized to favor immune tolerance to antigens/allergens, due to the presence of tolerogenic dendritic cells and macrophages promoting the differentiation of CD4+ regulatory T cells. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is now established as a valid treatment option, with clinical efficacy demonstrated in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (to either grass, tree, weed pollens or mite allergens) and encouraging results obtained in the management of mild/moderate allergic asthma. While still exploratory, oral immunotherapy (OIT) has shown promising results in the desensitization of patients with food allergies. We review at both biological and clinical levels the perspectives currently pursued for those two mucosal routes.
Pharmacoeconomics of sublingual immunotherapy with the 5-grass pollen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Allergic rhinitis has a very high burden regarding both direct and indirect costs. This makes essential in the management of AR to reduce the clinical severity of the disease and thus to lessen its costs. This particularly concerns allergen immunotherapy (AIT), that, based on its immunological action on the causes of allergy, extends its benefit also after discontinuation of the treatment. From the pharmacoeconomic point of view, any treatment must be evaluated according to its cost-effectiveness, that is, the ratio between the cost of the intervention and its effect. A favorable cost-benefit ratio for AIT was defined, starting from the first studies in the 1990s on subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in AR patients, that highlighted a clear advantage on costs over the treatment with symptomatic drugs. Such outcome was confirmed also for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), that has also the advantage on SCIT to be free of the cost of the injections. Here we review the available literature on pharmacoeconomic data for SLIT with the 5-grass pollen tablets.
A B cell epitope peptide derived from the major grass pollen allergen Phl p 1 boosts allergen-specific secondary antibody responses without allergen-specific T cell help; More than 40% of allergic patients suffer from grass pollen allergy. Phl p 1, the major timothy grass pollen allergen, belongs to the cross-reactive group 1 grass pollen allergens that are thought to initiate allergic sensitization to grass pollen. Repeated allergen encounter boosts allergen-specific IgE production and enhances clinical sensitivity in patients. To investigate immunological mechanisms underlying the boosting of allergen-specific secondary IgE Ab responses and the allergen epitopes involved, a murine model for Phl p 1 was established. A B cell epitope-derived peptide of Phl p 1 devoid of allergen-specific T cell epitopes, as recognized by BALB/c mice, was fused to an allergen-unrelated carrier in the form of a recombinant fusion protein and used for sensitization. This fusion protein allowed the induction of allergen-specific IgE Ab responses without allergen-specific T cell help. Allergenspecific Ab responses were subsequently boosted with molecules containing the B cell epitope-derived peptide without carrier or linked to other allergen-unrelated carriers. Oligomeric peptide bound to a carrier different from that which had been used for sensitization boosted allergen-specific secondary IgE responses without a detectable allergen-specific T cell response. Our results indicate that allergen-specific secondary IgE Ab responses can be boosted by repetitive B cell epitopes without allergen-specific T cell help by cross-linking of the B cell epitope receptor. This finding has important implications for the design of new allergy vaccines.
Comparison of scores associating symptoms and rescue medication use for evaluating the efficacy of allergy immunotherapy in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: results from five trials; Background: Over the past decade, regulatory bodies and scientific societies recommended, as primary efficacy outcome, a score that reflects both symptom severity and use of rescue medication for clinical trials in allergy immunotherapy (AIT). Objective: We sought to compare the results obtained with two subject-specific scores, the Combined Score (CS) and the Adjusted Symptom Score (AdSS), for assessment of AIT in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to birch and grass pollen allergens. Methods: CS and AdSS were evaluated in subjects receiving a 300IR dose of allergen extract daily, by sublingual route, in four clinical trials with the 5-grass pollen tablet (NCT00367640, NCT00409409, NCT00955825 and NCT00418379) and one with the birch pollen solution (NCT01731249). The CS is derived from the Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS) and the Rescue Medication Score (RMS) giving equal weight to symptoms and medication use. The AdSS is a symptom score adjusting for rescue medication use. Efficacy end-points were analysed using an analysis of covariance linear model. Results: In all trials, despite the different constructs of the two scores, Combined Score or Adjusted Symptom Score were similarly reduced in the 300IR group compared to the placebo group. Treatment effect was consistently demonstrated with both scores, CS and AdSS, used as either daily scores or average of the daily scores over the pollen season. Minor differences with the same statistical conclusions were observed between the results, leading to the same interpretation. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance: The two scores, combined and adjusted scores, for evaluation of clinical efficacy of AIT have led to similar results, with similar statistical conclusions and similar interpretation.
Response to nasal challenge correlates with seasonal outcomes during grass pollen immunotherapy with either subcutaneous or sublingual immunotherapy; RATIONALE: A randomised, double-blind, double-placebo, controlledtrial of subcutaneous (Alutard SQ Phleum Pratense ALK, Denmark) and sublingual (GRAZAX® ALK) grass pollen immunotherapy (105 patients, randomized 1:1:1). We previously reported the results of 2-years treatment and 1-year follow-up (year 3) using the total nasal symptom score (TNSS) at 0-10 hours after nasal allergen challenge as the primary outcome (Scadding G et al. Allergy 2016: 71, S102
Efficacy of 12 SQ house dust mite sublingual immunotherapy tablet in monosensitized and polysensitized subjects; RATIONALE: Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets for timothy grass and ragweed allergic rhinitis with/without conjunctivitis (AR/C) has been demonstrated in monosensitized and polysensitized subjects, but not for the SQ house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet. We compared the efficacy of SQ HDM SLIT-tablet (12 SQ-HDM dose) in monosensitized and polysensitized subjects with HDM AR/C. METHODS: North American subjects (aged ≥12 years) with HDM AR/C with or without asthma were randomized in a phase 3, double-blinded, multicenter trial (NCT01700192) to daily 12 SQ-HDM or placebo for up to 52 weeks. Average total combined rhinitis score (TCRS, defined as rhinitis daily-symptom score plus rhinitis daily-medication score) during the last 8 weeks of treatment was the primary endpoint. IgE sensitization was determined by serum-specific IgE (>0.35 kUA/L) to a region-specific panel of common inhalant allergens. RESULTS: In the total trial population, mean TCRS difference with 12 SQ-HDM was-0.8 (95% CI:-1.2,20.4) vs placebo, corresponding to an improvement of 17% (95% CI:-25%,-10%). In monosensitized subjects (n=280), mean TCRS difference was -0.9 (95% CI: -1.7, -0.1) vs placebo, corresponding to a 17% improvement. In polysensitized subjects (n=902), mean TCRS difference was -0.8 (95% CI: -1.2, -0.3) vs placebo, corresponding to an 18% improvement. In subjects polysensitized to non-HDM perennial allergens (cat/dog
Treatment of maize-based occupational rhinitis by phleum pretense subcutaneous immunotherapy; RATIONALE: A significant percentage of agriculturally based occupational rhinitis (OR) is due to maize pollen exposure in susceptible individuals. Aside from avoidance therapy, other therapeutic modalities have been hypothesized but not tested. Due to the evident cross-reactivity shared by Timothy grass pollen and maize pollen, we present our initial study results of Phleum pretense subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in patients with maize based OR. METHODS: Six patients (mean age of 52 years) with maize based OR and also seasonal and/or perennial allergic rhinitis (AR) underwent the United Allergy Services (UAS) based SCIT protocol for a mean of 23 months. Prospective symptom score assessment (SS) was acquired prior to SCIT initiation and throughout 1 to 3 years of therapy. Further analyses will include delineation between maize harvest/pollination period SS and nonharvest/ pollination periods (i.e. AR). RESULTS: Study enrollment criteria in part required similar (pretreatment) SS between the treatment and control groups and this was achieved (p=0.80). Preliminary study results demonstrated that 5/6 (83%) patients with maize based OR who underwent Phleum pretense SCIT, achieved a mean SS improvement of 52% (p=0.02). Whereas, the control group of patients demonstrated no improvement (p = 0.40). Furthermore, statistical assessment demonstrated that the treatment group mean SS results were significantly better than those of the control group (p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary results demonstrate that utilization of the UAS based Phleum pretense SCIT protocol may be an effective therapeutic modality to diminish the morbidity associated with maizebased OR.
Long-term treatment with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in grass pollen allergic subjects: Safety outcome year after year; RATIONALE: To investigate the safety outcomes in subjects with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) receiving 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet who presented with adverse reactions (ADRs) during the first season of treatment and continued over a second and/or third treatment season. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized Phase III study, adults (18-50 years) with medically confirmed grass pollen ARC for at least 2 years received placebo or a 300IR tablet pre-seasonally [4 months (4M) or 2 months (2M) before] and co-seasonally for 3 consecutive years, and were followed for 2 years post-treatment. ADRs were analyzed descriptively year after year in the subjects treated for at least 2 seasons. RESULTS: During Year 1, 633 adults (300IR 4M=207, 300IR 2M=207, Placebo=219) received at least one dose of treatment and 71% (300IR 4M), 57% (300IR 2M) and 25% (placebo) reported at least one ADR. From those who continued the study, ≥62% (300IR 4M/2M) and 27% (placebo) in Year 2, ≥51% (300IR 4M/2M) and 8% (placebo) in Year 3 presented with ADRs. Each year, the most frequent ADRs were applicationsite reactions (i.e., oral pruritus, throat irritation, mouth edema and ear pruritus) which mostly occurred within the first week of treatment initiation. Their incidences decreased over the years studied. The most frequent ADRs were generally of mild severity and lasted for one to four months. CONCLUSIONS: During long-term immunotherapy with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet, the most frequent ADRs, generally mild, were reported with decreasing incidences over the years studied and could persist for up to four months during treatment.
Clinical management, expectations, and satisfaction of patients with moderate to severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis treated with SQ-standardized grass-allergen tablet under routine clinical practice conditions in Spain; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy has been proven as a well-tolerated and effective treatment for allergic rhinitis. Within this type of treatment, GRAZAX® is the most documented product in terms of safety and efficacy. The objective of this study was to identify the patients' expectations and level of treatment satisfaction, as well as the clinical management of patients with moderate/severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis treated with GRAZAX®. Methods: This was a non-interventional, observational, multi-centre, open-label study involving a total of 131 adult patients aged 18-66 years with confirmed diagnosis of grass-allergy and initiated treatment with GRAZAX® between June 2010 and April 2011. Results: In the pollen season after starting treatment, 56.6% of patients stated that their symptoms were much less/less intense, 86% needed less symptomatic medication for control of their symptoms, and 74.4% manifested to have improved (quite/a lot) as regards their allergic disease since treatment was initiated as compared with previous grass pollen season. The patient satisfaction with GRAZAX® was measured using a visual analogue scale (VAS) between 0 (minimum satisfaction) and 100 (maximum satisfaction) comprising five different items: effectiveness, tolerability, cost, convenience and overall satisfaction. The results obtained for each item were [mean (SD)]: 74.7 (18.1), 70.3 (36.1), 39.3 (25.8), 86.2 (12.6), 78.4 (15.8) respectively. The patient's level of satisfaction is highly influenced, especially in terms of assessment of effectiveness, tolerability and convenience, by the information provided by the specialist. Conclusions: In summary, it can be concluded that improved communication leads to increased patient knowledge, greater patient compliance, and increased patient satisfaction.
Subcutaneous pollen immunotherapy by needleless device; BACKGROUND In pediatric ages, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) allows allergic children to approach the inhaling desensitizing therapy. However, SLIT causes quite a few compliance problems and sometimes it is difficult to carry it out for the required long term. The alternative is subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), commonly performed with a syringe. This technique hasn't changed much in time and it is not without risks or discomfort. This has led to the search for alternative ways of vaccine administration, in order to reduce discomfort to children by improving compliance and diminishing the potential risks of adverse reactions. OBJECTIVE The study aimed to assess the patient's perceived pain and the safety of a new way of administration of SCIT, with a needleless device. METHODS Children with grass or mite-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or bronchial asthma were prescribed a glutaraldehyde-polymerized allergenic extract (Allergovac Polymeryzed®, Bial Aristegui, Italy). Each dose was divided in two parts: half injected with the traditional syringe (dose A), half in the other arm with a needleless device (Injex, Greytree, Ross on Wye, UK
Topical nasal bacterial therapy associated with pre-seasonal allergoid SCIT in patients with grass allergy; Background Pre-seasonal allergoid vaccine, associated with preventive bacterial nasal therapy, may be more effective in treating allergic symptoms. Objective The purpose of the study was to evaluate the effectiveness and possible side effects of preventive topical nasal therapy with a suspension of inactivated bacteria followed by a pre-seasonal allergoid subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in patients with grass allergy, compared with a group of patients treated only with an allergoid SCIT. Methods The two groups, consisting of 15 patients each, are consistent in age and sex and both monosensitised to grasses. To each patient was assigned a score card of symptoms and a possible anti-allergic drug therapy. Patients in group A were treated with a bacterial topical nasal therapy (from Anallergo SpA, Florence, Italy) during months of November and December followed by a pre-seasonal allergoid SCIT (Anallergo) during the months of February and March. The group B was treated only with the allergoid SCIT (Anallergo) during the months of February and March. Results Conjunctivitis Gr. A 993 vs Gr. B 1211, Nasal Blockage Gr.A 1315 vs Gr. B, Sneezing Gr. A 1436 vs Gr. B 1724, Rhinorrhea Gr. A 1163 vs Gr. B 1419, Cough Gr. A 798 vs Gr. B 843, Dyspnea Gr. A 611 vs Gr. B 717, Drugs Gr. A 576 vs Gr. B 759. Conclusions The results show that the total symptoms were significantly lower during and after the SCIT in patients who had taken advantage of the preventive therapy with the bacterial suspension (group A), compared to those treated only with the pre-seasonal allergoid SCIT (group B). Likewise, the use of symptomatic drugs in group A was lower than those in group B, confirming the efficacy of the protocol under study.
Dust Mite–Induced Perennial Allergic Rhinitis in Pediatric Patients and Sublingual Immunotherapy; Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common illness in children and can impair their quality of life. Furthermore, many children remain symptomatic despite maximizing systemic antihistamine and topical therapies. It is at this clinical juncture that immunotherapy may be considered. The efficacy and safety associated with both subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) approaches are reviewed and positioned as treatment options for pediatric patients, with specific focus on current literature as it relates to SLIT in children, including those with perennial allergic rhinitis. Although there is more extensive experience with SLIT treatment in Europe, grass and ragweed tablet forms of SLIT are approved in the US. Approaches to the care of pediatric patients with allergic rhinitis are presented.
Pharmacological Management of Allergic Rhinitis in the Elderly; Recent studies suggest that allergic rhinitis is highly prevalent in the elderly population, but is underdiagnosed and undertreated. This review article briefly introduces allergic rhinitis in the elderly (epidemiology and pathophysiology) and identifies the main goals of treatment in these patients with respect to age-related physiological factors, comorbid conditions and polypharmacy. The primary focus of the article is a narrative review of the literature concerning the different types of treatment options in elderly patients aged 60+ years (pharmacological therapy and allergen-specific immunotherapy). The main management trend for allergic rhinitis in elderly patients is the same as the trend in young patients. Second-generation antihistamines and nasal glucocorticosteroids are also the first-line therapies in seniors. In a few trials, allergen-specific immunotherapy for grass pollen or house dust mites has been shown to be effective and safe in patients aged 60 years or older with allergic rhinitis. In conclusion, undertreatment of allergic rhinitis in the elderly is a reality. Pharmacological treatment is quite similar in both older and younger patients with allergic rhinitis.
The current overuse and misuse of meta-analyses on sublingual immunotherapy: The case of grass pollen allergy; Purpose of review Meta-analysis provides the highest level of evidence-based efficacy of a medical treatment or intervention. Allergen immunotherapy in its two forms of subcutaneous immunotherapy and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is an effective treatment of respiratory allergy as shown by meta-analyses, but in recent years there has been an overflow of meta-analyses on SLIT, with contrasting results that may generate confusion among physicians. Recent findings It can be observed that flaws are often present in meta-analyses including: incorrect selection of trials, inappropriate use of evaluation parameters for the analysis, and unsuitable analyses. For instance, it is clear that a meta-analysis of several small studies does not predict the results of a single large study that remains the gold standard to assess the efficacy and safety of a treatment. To assess the interest of the matter, we calculated the number of citations of meta-analyses on SLIT efficacy in the 10 years after the first publication in 2005 and detected a continuous decrease in citations. Summary Today, the appropriateness of a meta-analysis should be carefully evaluated, taking into account that a meta-analysis uses a statistical approach to combine the results from multiple small studies to increase power, to improve estimates of the size of the effect, and/or to resolve uncertainty when reports disagree. Editors and reviewers of medical journals should consider that to judge a meta-analysis requires a high level of expertise that is obvious in reviewers belonging to the Cochrane organization.
Erratum: Timothy grass pollen therapeutic vaccine: optimal dose for subcutaneous immunotherapy (Immunotherapy (2016) 8:3 (251-263)); In the Research Article by Javier Sola, José Alberto da Silva Ferreira, Javier Dionicio Elera, José Luís Plácido, Celso Pereira, Joao Fonseca, Carmen Panizo, Luís Filipe Inácio, Nataly Cancelleire, José Manuel Zubeldia Ortuno, Araitz Landeta, Begona Madariaga & Alberto Martínez, titled 'Timothy grass pollen therapeutic vaccine: optimal dose for subcutaneous immunotherapy', which appeared in the March 2016 issue of Immunotherapy 8(3), 251-263 (2016), there was an error in Table 1. (Table Presented)In addition, the last sentence on the bottom of page 253 should now read: The major allergen Phl p 5 concentration of 1 SPT/ml (Group 2) was 1.5 ug/ml. The Authors and Editors would like to sincerely apologize for any inconvenience or confusion this may have caused.
Epinephrine Use in Clinical Trials of Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets; Background Allergy immunotherapy can result in systemic allergic reactions and even life-threatening anaphylaxis requiring epinephrine administration. Objective The objective of this study was to describe epinephrine use in the clinical trial development programs of 3 rapidly dissolving sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-tablets
Sublingual Immunotherapy Dosing Regimens: What Is Ideal?; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a treatment for allergic respiratory diseases that has demonstrated efficacy and safety. Several formulations of SLIT are now available worldwide for treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR). Grass tablets containing 15 to 25 μg of group 5 major allergen reduced combined AR symptoms and medication use by 23% to 41% in 3 treatment years and 2 follow-up years. Ragweed pollen tablets (12 μg of Ambrosia artemisiifolia 1) and liquid extracts (50 μg of Ambrosia artemisiifolia 1) reduced combined AR symptoms and medication use by 26% and 43%, respectively. House dust mite tablets containing 300 index of reactivity (16 μg of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus 1 and 68 μg of Dermatophagoides farinae 1) reduced AR symptoms by 17.9% and 17.0% in 1 treatment year and 1 follow-up year, respectively. A different house dust mite tablet (12 standardized quality house dust mite) was able to reduce the risk of asthma exacerbation compared with placebo (hazard ratio, 0.69
Esophageal dysfunction and immunological changes induced by grass sublingual immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy frequently causes local oropharyngeal adverse events which are usually of mild severity, and tend to be self-limited and disappear within the first weeks of therapy. The mechanism of action involves changes in the specific humoral response to allergens, with increases in allergen-specific immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4) and blunting of the seasonal increase in allergen-specific IgE. We describe the case of a 25-year-old man diagnosed with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, who was treated with a lyophilisate of Phleum pratense by sublingual route. After 5 weeks of therapy he developed repeatedly intense symptoms of esophageal dysfunction immediately after the administration. Symptoms recurred every day, subsided in some hours without treatment and disappeared with the termination of therapy. The episode coincided with a marked elevation of total and specific IgE. The immunological changes gradually declined during the three years of follow up. The reported case suggests the need to evaluate the role of the immunological changes detected after the first weeks of sublingual therapy with Phleum pratense, in the induction of esophageal disorders.
Allergen immunotherapy - An update; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is the only causal form of long-term treatment for patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, allergic asthma, or stinging insect allergy. The precise mechanisms responsible for the beneficial effects of AIT remain a matter of research and debate of experts. An effect on regulatory T cells seems most probable and is associated with switching of allergen-specific B cells toward IgG4 antibody production. AIT has been demonstrated to reduce symptoms associated withs seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma. In contrast to pharmacotherapies, AIT also provides the benefit of inducing allergen tolerance, which results in long-lasting symptom relief for ap to several years after treatment is completed. Sublingual immunotherapy tablets (grass or house dust mites) are an oral alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy. The last year was published new evidence for the disease-modifying effect of tablet form of AIT. This therapy can modify the course of allergic disease by reducing the risk of new allergic sensitizations and inhibiting the development of clinical asthma in patients treated for allergic rhinitis. AIT is only occasionally recommended for the treatment of atopic eczema as evidence of its effectiveness is limited, although recently published studies have shown good results in some patients. Evidence that food allergy can be controlled in this way is very limited, although research is ongoing.
Allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) is in the process of developing Guidelines on Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) for Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis. To inform the development of clinical recommendations, we undertook a systematic review to assess the effectiveness, cost-effectiveness, and safety of AIT in the management of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: We searched nine international biomedical databases for published, in-progress, and unpublished evidence. Studies were independently screened by two reviewers against predefined eligibility criteria and critically appraised using established instruments. Our primary outcomes of interest were symptom, medication, and combined symptom and medication scores. Secondary outcomes of interest included cost-effectiveness and safety. Data were descriptively summarized and then quantitatively synthesized using random-effects meta-analyses. Results: We identified 5960 studies of which 160 studies satisfied our eligibility criteria. There was a substantial body of evidence demonstrating significant reductions in standardized mean differences (SMD) of symptom (SMD −0.53, 95% CI −0.63, −0.42), medication (SMD −0.37, 95% CI −0.49, −0.26), and combined symptom and medication (SMD −0.49, 95% CI −0.69, −0.30) scores while on treatment that were robust to prespecified sensitivity analyses. There was in comparison a more modest body of evidence on effectiveness post-discontinuation of AIT, suggesting a benefit in relation to symptom scores. Conclusions: AIT is effective in improving symptom, medication, and combined symptom and medication scores in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis while on treatment, and there is some evidence suggesting that these benefits are maintained in relation to symptom scores after discontinuation of therapy.
Allergic sensitization feature under high pollen exposure in grassland of China; Objective: To investigate the profiles of inhaled allergens of Allergic Rhinitis (AR) patients and to study its correlation with local airborne pollen distribution under the environment of grassland in northern China. Method: 353 AR patients were recruited in this study. 131 were male and 221 were female. All subjects received Skin Prick Test (SPT) for 16 allergens. Meanwhile, Durham sampler was applied to acquire the pollen distribution data from local site in 2015. Result: 317 of 353 patients (89.8%) were positive to at least one allergen. The most common allergens were: Artemisia (75.0%), Humulus (61.9%), Chenopodium (58.5%), Ragweed (56.3%), Ulmus (47.2%). Artemisia tended to be the severest allergens tested with a rate of severe sensitization of 59.1%. The positive rate of grass/weed pollen was significant higher than tree pollen (83.3% vs. 62.9%, P<0.001). The allergic sensitization rate decreased along with age increasing (P=0.005). 9.4% of AR patients was mono-sensitized, 3.97% was double-sensitized, 7.7% was triple-sensitized while 68.8% was polysensitized (χ2=584.80, P<0.001). The peak pollen season was July to August in Xilingol grassland. The pollen monitoring showed the main airborne pollen in local region were Artemisia and Chenopodiaceae, with a portion of 54.2% and 30.7% of the total pollen grains in 2015, respectively. Conclusion: Artemisia was the predominant allergens for AR patients in grassland region both in allergic sensitization and air distribution indicating environmental impact on AR. Grass/weed pollen had a higher sensitization rate than tree pollen and poly-sensitization was the main sensitization type evoked the challenge of precise immunotherapy for those AR patients.
Satisfaction and quality of life of allergic patients following sublingual five-grass pollen tablet immunotherapy in Spain; Background: Five-grass pollen tablet is an effective and welltolerated therapy for patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). This trial sought to determine the satisfaction and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) of patients undergoing this treatment. Methods: This was a cross-sectional, multicentre, observational, naturalistic study, following a discontinuous pre- and coseasonal five-grass pollen regimen over two seasons in Spain (2012, 2013). The HRQoL of the patients was measured with the specific Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) for adults, adolescent (AdolRQLQ), or paediatric (PRQLQ) patients. Treatment satisfaction was assessed by the Satisfaction Scale for Patients Receiving Allergen Immunotherapy (ESPIA) questionnaire. Patients/investigators were surveyed on beliefs and attitudes towards the five-grass pollen tablet. ARC evolution according to allergic rhinitis and its impact on asthma (ARIA) criteria and treatment adherence were evaluated. Results: Among the 591 ARC patients included, the mean (SD) HRQoL scores were 1.40 (1.1) in adults, 1.33 (1.1) in adolescents, and 1.15 (1.1) in children, indicating low levels of impairment (scale 0-6). ESPIA answers showed high levels of satisfaction, with an average score of 69.2 (scale 0-100). According to ARIA criteria, 88.2% of patients reported improvement of ARC. Moreover, this was accompanied by a reduced use of symptomatic medication. Adherence to treatment was estimated at 96.8%. In general, both patients and specialists exhibited a positive attitude towards five-grass pollen tablet treatment. Conclusion: ARC patients treated with five-grass pollen tablet showed favourable levels of HRQoL and treatment satisfaction, with concomitant improvements in ARC and symptomatic medication use, which translated into high levels of treatment adherence and a positive attitude towards five-grass pollen tablet.
Similar biological activity in skin prick test for Oralair® (8200 BAU) and Grazax® (6200 BAU) reinforces effective SLIT dosing level; In Europe, allergen extracts are standardized based on skin prick wheal size in 20–30 allergic subjects. To understand the biological activity of clinically effective Sublingual immunotherapy, we used this method to determine the biological activity of solution and tablet Timothy grass pollen (TIM) extracts, compared to an FDA-approved extract (Reference) of 10 000 BAU/ml. Blinded, quadruplicate skin prick tests with concentrate and three serial half-log dilutions allowed the construction of a semilogarithmic regression line per extract. Bioequivalent allergy units (BAU) values were obtained from the comparison with reference. Extracts and dilutions showed a neat linear dose response (all: R2 > 0.98) in 33 rhinitis patients. Relative potencies: Staloral® 12 000 BAU/ml, Soluprick® 10 300 BAU/ml, Oralair® 8200 BAU, and Grazax® 6200 BAU. Even though all extract concentrates differed in wheal size (P = 0.01–0.001), Grazax® producing a 25% smaller wheal size than Oralair®, and the biological activity of these clinically effective TIM tablets led in the same range (6200–8200 BAU
Molecular diagnosis and immunotherapy; Purpose of review To describe recent insights into how molecular diagnosis can improve indication and selection of suitable allergens for specific immunotherapy and increase the safety of this therapy. Recent findings As specific allergen immunotherapy targets specific allergens, identification of the disease-eliciting allergen is a prerequisite for accurate prescription of treatment. In areas of complex sensitization to aeroallergens or in cases of hymenoptera venom allergy, the use of molecular diagnosis has demonstrated that it may lead to a change in indication and selection of allergens for immunotherapy in a large proportion of patients when compared with diagnosis based on skin prick testing and/or specific IgE determination with commercial extracts. These changes in immunotherapy prescription aided by molecular diagnosis have been demonstrated to be cost-effective in some scenarios. Certain patterns of sensitization to grass or olive pollen and bee allergens may identify patients with higher risk of adverse reaction during immunotherapy. Summary Molecular diagnosis, when used with other tools and patients' clinical records, can help clinicians better to select the most appropriate patients and allergens for specific immunotherapy and, in some cases, predict the risk of adverse reactions. The pattern of sensitization to allergens could potentially predict the efficacy of allergen immunotherapy provided that these immunotherapy products contain a sufficient amount of these allergens. Nevertheless, multiplex assay remains a third-level approach, not to be used as screening method in current practice.
Coseasonal Initiation of Allergen Immunotherapy: A Systematic Review; Background It is unclear whether allergen immunotherapy (AIT) can be safely initiated during the pollen season (coseasonal initiation [CSI]) because of a potential increased risk of systemic allergic reactions. Objective To systematically review publications reporting the safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) CSI to validate or invalidate the perception of increased safety risk. Methods PubMed, EMBASE, Ovid, Literatura Latino Americana em Ciências da Saúde (LILACS), and Cochrane Library databases were searched without limits for studies of any design reporting SCIT or SLIT CSI for pollen allergen. Congress abstracts were included. Results Nineteen eligible studies were identified: 8 SCIT (n = 947 subjects total
Phage display peptide libraries in molecular allergology: from epitope mapping to mimotope-based immunotherapy; Identification of allergen epitopes is a key component in proper understanding of the pathogenesis of type I allergies, for understanding cross-reactivity and for the development of mimotope immunotherapeutics. Phage particles have garnered recognition in the field of molecular allergology due to their value not only in competitive immunoscreening of peptide libraries but also as immunogenic carriers of allergen mimotopes. They integrate epitope discovery technology and immunization functions into a single platform. This article provides an overview of allergen mimotopes identified through the phage display technique. We discuss the contribution of phage display peptide libraries in determining dominant B-cell epitopes of allergens, in developing mimotope immunotherapy, in understanding cross-reactivity, and in determining IgE epitope profiles of individual patients to improve diagnostics and individualize immunotherapy. We also discuss the advantages and pitfalls of the methodology used to identify and validate the mimotopes.
Evidence in immunotherapy for paediatric respiratory allergy: Advances and recommendations; Allergic respiratory diseases are major health problems in paediatric population due their high level of prevalence and chronicity, and to their relevance in the costs and quality of life. One of the most important risk factors for the development of airway diseases in children and adolescents is atopy. The mainstays for the treatment of these diseases are avoiding allergens, controlling symptoms, and preventing them through sustained desensitization by allergen immunotherapy (AIT). AIT is a treatment option that consists in the administration of increasing amounts of allergens to modify the biological response to them, inducing long-term tolerance even after treatment has ended. This treatment approach has shown to decrease symptoms and improve quality of life, becoming cost effective for a large number of patients. In addition, it is considered the only treatment that can influence the natural course of the disease by targeting the cause of the allergic inflammatory response. The aim of this publication is to reflect the advances of AIT in the diagnosis and treatment of allergic respiratory diseases in children and adolescents reviewing articles published since 2000, establishing evidence categories to support the strength of the recommendations based on evidence. The first part of the article covers the prerequisite issues to understand how AIT is effective, such as the correct etiologic and clinical diagnosis of allergic respiratory diseases. Following this, the article outlines the advancements in understanding the mechanisms by which AIT achieve immune tolerance to allergens. Administration routes, treatment regimens, dose and duration, efficacy, safety, and factors associated with adherence are also reviewed. Finally, the article reviews future advances in the research of AIT.
Treatment effect of sublingual immunotherapy tablets and pharmacotherapies for seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis: Pooled analyses; Background Data comparing the treatment effect of allergy immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy are lacking. Objective We sought to indirectly compare the treatment effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets with pharmacotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) and perennial allergic rhinitis (PAR). Methods Pooled data from randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials for the clinical development programs of selected allergic rhinitis treatments were evaluated. Total nasal symptom scores (TNSSs) relative to placebo were compared. Subjects scored symptoms daily during entire pollen seasons in 6 timothy grass SLIT-tablet trials (n = 3094) and 2 ragweed SLIT-tablet trials (n = 658) and during the last 8 weeks of treatment in 2 house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet trials (n = 1768). Subjects scored symptoms daily in 7 montelukast (10 mg, n = 6799), 9 desloratadine (5 mg, n = 4455), and 8 mometasone furoate nasal spray (MFNS
Novel strategies for the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis; Introduction: Allergic rhinitis (AR) affects over 20% of the population of Europe and the United States. Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is currently the only form of treatment that affects symptoms and modifies the progression of disease. Established forms of AIT include subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy and are widely effective, yet only 2-9% of eligible patients undergo therapy, likely due to the long duration of treatment. As a result, novel, faster forms of AIT are currently under development. Areas covered: This article provides an overview of AR and summarises the efficacy and mechanisms of established forms of AIT, highlighting the current drawbacks. We discuss novel strategies of AIT that have been developed in an attempt to tackle these limitations, including epicutaneous, intradermal and intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT), focusing on ILIT, the treatment that has been most comprehensively assessed. Expert opinion: Current strategies to treat AR suffer from a poor safety profile and, importantly, lack of adherence. ILIT is a faster and safer form of AIT, with a treatment regime of only 12 weeks. Further validation is required, but ILIT, with its short and comparatively inexpensive protocol, has the potential to offer disease-modifying therapy to a larger number of patients.
Concepts and perspectives on peptide-based immunotherapy in allergy; Allergen-specific T cells play a key role in the pathogenesis of allergic diseases through provision of help for allergen-specific B cells and control of inflammatory responses. Allergen immunotherapy using intact allergen proteins (given either sub-cutaneously or sublingually) is clinically effective and demonstrates enduring efficacy (i. e., disease modifying). However, the requirement for monthly injections or daily sublingual administration (both for 3 years), combined with a high frequency of local and systemic adverse events, results in poor compliance. Targeting allergen-specific T cells with synthetic peptides representing dominant T cell epitopes markedly decreases treatment times (4-8 intradermal injections), reduces adverse events and provides efficacy for at least 2 years. We have developed peptide immunotherapies for allergies triggered by cats, house dust mites, and grass pollen. Each of these consists of a mixture of seven peptides containing multiple dominant T cell epitopes and each have demonstrated statistically significant improvements in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores in controlled allergen challenge facilities. The mechanisms of action appear to involve increased IL-10 production, intra- and inter-molecular suppression, and down-regulation of chemokine pathways. In contrast, treatment does not appear to be associated with deletion of allergen-specific T cells, nor with the induction of allergen-specific IgG (as is seen with conventional whole allergen immunotherapy).
Immunotherapy With the PreS-based Grass Pollen Allergy Vaccine BM32 Induces Antibody Responses Protecting Against Hepatitis B Infection; Background We have constructed and clinically evaluated a hypoallergenic vaccine for grass pollen allergy, BM32, which is based on fusion proteins consisting of peptides from the IgE binding sites of the major grass pollen allergens fused to preS (preS1 + preS2), a domain of the hepatitis B virus (HBV) large envelope protein which mediates the viral attachment and entry. Aim of this study was the characterization of the HBV-specific immune response induced by vaccination of allergic patients with BM32 and the investigation of the vaccines’ potential to protect against infection with HBV. Methods Hepatitis B-specific antibody and T cell responses of patients vaccinated with BM32 were studied using recombinant preS and synthetic overlapping peptides spanning the preS sequence. The specificities of the antibody responses were compared with those of patients with chronic HBV infection. Furthermore, the capacity of BM32-induced antibodies, to inhibit HBV infection was investigated using HepG2-hNTCP cell-based in vitro virus neutralization assays. Findings IgG antibodies from BM32-vaccinated but not of HBV-infected individuals recognized the sequence motif implicated in NTCP (sodium-taurocholate co-transporting polypeptide)-receptor interaction of the hepatitis B virus and inhibited HBV infection. Interpretation Our study demonstrates that the recombinant hypoallergenic grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32 induces hepatitis B-specific immune responses which protect against hepatitis B virus infection in vitro.
Mechanisms, safety and efficacy of a B cell epitope-based vaccine for immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy; Background We have developed a recombinant B cell epitope-based vaccine (BM32) for allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) of grass pollen allergy. The vaccine contains recombinant fusion proteins consisting of allergen-derived peptides and the hepatitis B surface protein domain preS as immunological carrier. Methods We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled AIT study to determine safety, clinical efficacy and immunological mechanism of three subcutaneous injections of three BM32 doses adsorbed to aluminum hydroxide versus aluminum hydroxide (placebo) applied monthly to grass pollen allergic patients (n = 70). Primary efficacy endpoint was the difference in total nasal symptom score (TNSS) through grass pollen chamber exposure before treatment and 4 weeks after the last injection. Secondary clinical endpoints were total ocular symptom score (TOSS) and allergen-specific skin response evaluated by titrated skin prick testing (SPT) at the same time points. Treatment-related side effects were evaluated as safety endpoints. Changes in allergen-specific antibody, cellular and cytokine responses were measured in patients before and after treatment. Results Sixty-eight patients completed the trial. TNSS significantly decreased with mean changes of − 1.41 (BM32/20 μg) (P = 0.03) and − 1.34 (BM32/40 μg) (P = 0.003) whereas mean changes in the BM32/10 μg and placebo group were not significant. TOSS and SPT reactions showed a dose-dependent decrease. No systemic immediate type side effects were observed. Only few grade 1 systemic late phase reactions occurred in BM32 treated patients. The number of local injection site reactions was similar in actively and placebo-treated patients. BM32 induced highly significant allergen-specific IgG responses (P < 0.0001) but no allergen-specific IgE. Allergen-induced basophil activation was reduced in BM32 treated patients and addition of therapy-induced IgG significantly suppressed T cell activation (P = 0.0063). Conclusion The B cell epitope-based recombinant grass pollen allergy vaccine BM32 is well tolerated and few doses are sufficient to suppress immediate allergic reactions as well as allergen-specific T cell responses via a selective induction of allergen-specific IgG antibodies. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01445002.)
Grass pollen-specific immunotherapy entails systemic increase of regulatory B cells and shift in Th17 cell compartments; IL-10-producing regulatory B cells (Bregs) are known to maintain regulatory capacities of T cells while restricting Th1 and Th17 differentiation. Recently, it has been shown that regulatory T cells (Tregs) can not only differentiate into effector Th17 cells via an intermediate subset expressing FoxP3 and IL-17 simultaneously, but also, that Th17 cells carry the ability to transdifferentiate “back” into Tregs. In this study, we extracted peripheral blood monocytes (PBMCs) from 20 allergic patients at several time points during an up-dosing period of grasspollen specific immunotherapy (SIT) and analyzed immune cell populations using flow cytometry.We prospectively monitored these patients over several years and collected further samples in and out of grass pollen season. Systemic T- and B-cell subsets were compared at baseline and six hours after the last maintenance top dose of SIT. We found a significant increase in IL-10-producing Bregs shortly after the last maintenance injection. On top, the IL- 10+/TNF-α+ ratio in B cells was significantly increased, which has been postulated to indicate their regulatory function even stronger than IL-10 production alone. The increased Breg population in the blood coincided with a significant decrease of effector Th17 cells and, notably, with a decrease in the IL-17-expressing CD4+FoxP3+ Treg population. We postulate that the SIT-triggered induction of Bregs leads to a shift of Th17 cells towards a rather regulatory phenotype, as not only the Th17 population, but also the intermediate IL-17+FoxP3+ Treg subset was significantly decreased shortly after the last maintenance injection. In conclusion, the frequency of Th17 cells and IL-17-producing regulatory T cells in the peripheral blood may represent early biomarkers of immunotherapy efficacy.
Novel vaccines targeting dendritic cells by coupling allergoids to nonoxidized mannan enhance allergen uptake and induce functional regulatory T cells through programmed death ligand 1; Background Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is the only curative treatment for allergy. AIT faces pitfalls related to efficacy, security, duration, and patient compliance. Novel vaccines overcoming such inconveniences are in demand. Objectives We sought to study the immunologic mechanisms of action for novel vaccines targeting dendritic cells (DCs) generated by coupling glutaraldehyde-polymerized grass pollen allergoids to nonoxidized mannan (PM) compared with glutaraldehyde-polymerized allergoids (P) or native grass pollen extracts (N). Methods Skin prick tests and basophil activation tests with N, P, or PM were performed in patients with grass pollen allergy. IgE-blocking experiments, flow cytometry, confocal microscopy, cocultures, suppression assays, real-time quantitative PCR, ELISAs, and ELISpot assays were performed to assess allergen capture by human DCs and T-cell responses. BALB/c mice were immunized with PM, N, or P. Antibody levels, cytokine production by splenocytes, and splenic forkhead box P3 (FOXP3)+ regulatory T (Treg) cells were quantified. Experiments with oxidized PM were also performed. Results PM displays in vivo hypoallergenicity, induces potent blocking antibodies, and is captured by human DCs much more efficiently than N or P by mechanisms depending on mannose receptor– and dendritic cell–specific intercellular adhesion molecule 3–grabbing nonintegrin–mediated internalization. PM endorses human DCs to generate functional FOXP3+ Treg cells through programmed death ligand 1. Immunization of mice with PM induces a shift to nonallergic responses and increases the frequency of splenic FOXP3+ Treg cells. Mild oxidation impairs these effects in human subjects and mice, demonstrating the essential role of preserving the carbohydrate structure of mannan. Conclusions Allergoids conjugated to nonoxidized mannan represent suitable vaccines for AIT. Our findings might also be of the utmost relevance to development of therapeutic interventions in other immune tolerance–related diseases.
Allergen specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with asthma and allergic rhinitis; Background: The incidence of asthma and allergic rhinitis (AR) is significantly increased, especially in younger children. Current treatment for children with asthma and allergic rhinitis include allergen avoidance, standard pharmacotherapy, and immunotherapy. Since standard pharmacotherapy is prescribed for symptoms, immunotherapy at present plays an important role in the treatment of allergic diseases. This article presents insights into the up-to-date understanding of immunotherapy in the treatment of children with allergic rhinitis and asthma. Data sources: PubMed articles published from 1990 to 2014 were reviewed using the MeSH terms "asthma", "allergic rhinitis", "children", and "immune therapy". Additional articles were identified by hand searching of the references in the initial search. Results: Numerous studies have shown that sublingual application of allergen specific immunotherapy (SLIT) is an adequate, safe and efficient substitution to subcutaneous route of allergens administration (SCIT) in the treatment of IgE-mediated respiratory tract allergies in children. According to the literature, better clinical efficacy is connected with the duration of treatment and mono sensitized patients. Conclusions: At least 3 years of treatment and stable asthma before the immunotherapy are positive predictors of good clinical efficacy and tolerability of SLIT. SLIT reduces the symptoms of allergic diseases and the use of medicaments, and improves the quality of life of children with the diseases.
Peptide immunotherapy in allergic disease: Targeting T cells to induce tolerance; Allergen-specific T cells play a key role in the pathogenesis of allergic diseases through provision of help for allergen-specific B cells and control of inflammatory responses. Allergen immunotherapy using intact allergen proteins (given either subcutaneously or sublingually) is clinically effective and demonstrates enduring efficacy (i.e. disease modifying). However, the requirement for monthly injections or daily sublingual administration (both for three years), combined with a high frequency of local and systemic adverse events, results in poor compliance. Targeting allergen-specific T cells with synthetic peptides representing dominant T cell epitopes markedly decreases treatment times (4-8 intradermal injections), reduces adverse events and provides efficacy for at least 2 years. We have developed peptide immunotherapies for allergies triggered by cats, house dust mites and grass pollen. Each of these consists of a mixture of seven peptides containing multiple dominant T cell epitopes and each have demonstrated statistically significant improvements in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores in controlled allergen challenge facilities. The mechanisms of action appear to involve increased IL-10 production, intra- and inter-molecular suppression, modulation of T cell receptor signaling pathways and down-regulation of chemokine pathways. In contrast, treatment does not appear to be associated with deletion of allergen-specific T cells, nor with the induction of allergen-specific IgG (as is seen with conventional whole allergen immunotherapy). Thus, peptide immunotherapy may provide a safe, effective and disease-modifying treatment for allergic disease.
Regional variation in allergic sensitivity to subtropical and temperate grass pollen allergens; outcomes of the multicentre cross-sectional Grass Pollen Allergy Survey (GPAS)
Immunological mechanisms of short-term pre-seasonal sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablet treatment for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Oral sublingual tablets, Oralair®, have been shown recently to be effective in treating allergic rhinitis. They provide a better tolerated option than conventional subcutaneous injection therapy. Oralair® tablets contain pollen extracts from 5 of the most common allergy-causing European grasses but include ryegrass, the major seasonal pollen for allergy in south-eastern Australia. A 7- month regimen is typical but patient adherence can be problematic. We performed a longitudinal study to investigate immunological changes after a 4-month pre-grass pollen season course of Oralair®. Study design: Patients with moderate to severe seasonal allergic rhinitis with or without mild stable asthma and with positive ryegrass pollen (RGP)-specific IgE were recruited. Oralair® treatment was used daily for 4 months prior to the grass pollen season. A cohort of clinically-matched patients was used as controls. Results: Oralair®-treated patients showed clinical improvement based on visual analogue and symptom scores. Compared with baseline, serum RGP-specific IgG4 levels were increased after treatment. In vitro stimulation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells with RGP extract induced increased proportions of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ and CD4+CD45RA-Foxp3+ Tregs after treatment, and CD4+CD45RA-CD27-CD25+ cell proportions were also increased. Higher levels of IFN-g were present in RGP-stimulated culture supernatants after treatment. Control subjects showed no significant change in clinical symptoms or immunological parameters during the same time period. Conclusions: Immunological and clinical benefits were observed following a shortened Oralair® treatment course, consistent with those for traditional sub-cutaneous allergen immunotherapy. Continuation of this short-course pre-seasonal regimen for another two years should provide patients with long lasting efficacy.
Efficacy of immunotherapy with Cupressus arizonica and a mixture of pollens; Background: It is known that allergen immunotherapy treatment with a single allergen at high concentrations is effective in monosensitized patients. The opposite type of immunotherapy in polysensitized patients, using diluted mixtures of different pollen sources, is not. This raises an important problem for choosing the right type of immunotherapy in the centre and south of Spain, where more than 80% of patients are polysensitized. Method: Fifteen patients were selected at random and retrospectively treated with a mixture of grass and/or olive pollen and Cupressus arizonica immunotherapy, at high concentrations. Seven men and eight women between the ages of 13 and 62, who had completed 2 years of immunotherapy with Clustoid® Forte or Clustoid® Max, were included in the study. Their evolution was measured using symptom and medication scores for rhinoconjunctivitis normalized with pollen levels. These patients had correctly completed our electronic symptoms notebook application (Alercon) installed on their smartphones, during the years of immunotherapy. Results: We aimed for a 100% clinical improvement in 100% of patients (absence of symptoms) and we achieved the following: 100% in 6 patients (40% of patients), 75-99% in 5 patients (33.3% of patients), and 50-74% in one patient. No improvement was seen in 3 patients. This data is far from a placebo effect. The improvements were compared with the start of treatment during the first year of immunotherapy. No adverse reactions were observed. Conclusion: In relation to the symptoms and treatment scores, Cupressus arizonica immunotherapy with a mixture of different pollens, proved to be effective and safe in the majority of patients.
A randomised placebo-controlled trial of sublingual immunotherapy tablet for seasonal rhinitis to grass allergen: Clinical outcomes, local symptoms and early time course of immunologic changes; Background: Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet is effective and results in long term clinical benefits. The early time course of immunologic changes has not been studied. Method: This monocenter, randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled study in moderate to severe hay fever patients compared daily SLIT tablet (Grazax®, ALKAbello Horsholm, Denmark) with placebo tablets. Total nasal symptom score [TNSS, 0-60 min] after nasal allergen challenge was the primary outcome. Secondary outcomes were peak nasal inspiratory flow (PNIF) and early and late phase intradermal skin response. Mechanistic outcomes were assessed before and at 1, 2, 3, 4 and 12 months of treatment. Local symptoms to medication intake were recorded daily and graded according to the WAO classification for SLIT. Statistical analysis was by linear mixed models applied to longitudinal data. Results: Randomisation of 46 participants was performed at the Royal Brompton Hospital, London, UK. At 12 months SLIT tablet resulted in lower TNSS (P < 0.0001, mean difference (MD) -1.54, 95% confidence intervals [-2.03/-1.04]) paralleled by higher peak nasal inspiratory flow (P < 0.001, MD 33.61[13.57/53.65]) compared to placebo. Intradermal allergen resulted in decreased early (MD -4.92 [-8.14/-1.71], P < 0.004) and late (MD -21.96 [-31.68/-12.24], P < 0.0001) cutaneous responses. Global seasonal symptoms (visual analogue scale [0-100 mm]) were 38.7% decreased, (MD -10.39 [-18.68/-2.10], P < 0.015). At 4 weeks serum log sIgE kU/L (MD 0.45 [0.10/0.81], P < 0.013) increased compared to placebo. There were delayed-in-time increases in log sIgG4 (MD 0.23 [0.02/0.44], P < 0.032) and decreases in plasma inhibitory activity for facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB) at 3 to 12 months (MD -61.36 [-76.94/-45.78], P < 0.0001). Significantly more participants on active treatment compared to placebo recorded grade 1 symptoms (mild local symptoms) and grade 2 symptoms (bothersome local symptoms but possible to continue treatment) with a consecutive reduction after 1-2 months. No one had to discontinue treatment (grade 3 according to WAO). Conclusion: SLIT, compared to placebo, reduced allergen-induced nasal and cutaneous responses, improved seasonal symptoms and was accompanied by early increase in serum IgE and later progressive increase in 'blocking' IgG antibodies. Most local symptoms after SLIT tablet were mild and not bothersome.
Efficacy of grass pollen allergen syblingual immunotherapy tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SARC) have shown a modest clinical benefit compared with placebo. Furthermore, indirect comparison by meta-analyses showed that subcutaneous immunotherapy is more effective than SLIT. Despite these data, SLIT has become the most prescribed treatment of SARC in Europe in recent years, and it was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of SARC to grass pollen in the United States on April 1, 2014. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of the grass pollen sublingual tablets licensed as drugs in the treatment of patients with SARC to grass pollen. Methods: Computerized bibliographic searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov (inception to 3 April 30, 2014) were supplemented with a manual search of reference lists. Randomized clinical trials were included if they compared the grass pollen SLIT tablets approved by regulatory authorities both in the European Union and the United States for SARC with placebo. Data on populations, interventions, and outcomes were extracted from each RCT according to the intent-to-treat method by 2 independent observers and were combined using the method by DerSimonian and Laird. The primary end point was the difference in the symptom score and medication score between SLIT and placebo. Data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis, with standardized mean differences (SMDs) and 95% CIs reported. Results: Data were available in 13 RCTs for the symptom score (4659 patients) and in 12 RCTs for the medication score (4558 patients). We found a small treatment benefit both in the symptom score (SMD, -0.28
Grass pollen subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy inhibit allergen-induced nasal responses and local Th2 cytokines: A randomised controlled trial; Background: We undertook a randomised, double-blind, double-dummy, controlled trial of subcutaneous and sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy. Method: Nasal allergen challenge with grass pollen extract (Aquagen SQ, Phleum pratense, ALK, Denmark) was carried out in 106 participants before randomisation to one of three arms: active-SCIT (Alutard SQ, ALK), active-SLIT (Grazax, ALK) or double-placebo. Repeat challenges were carried out at 1 and 2 years of treatment, then again after 12 months off treatment (year 3). Response to challenge, acutely and over 10 h, was assessed by total nasal symptom score (TNSS, scale: 0-12) and peak nasal inspiratory flow (PNIF, l/min). Nasal fluid was collected and analysed by immunoassay. Results: SCIT inhibited TNSS at 1 year compared to placebo (P < 0.01) and SLIT (P = 0.03). SLIT did not reduce TNSS at 1 year (P = 0.13 vs placebo)
Comparison of relative and absolute treatment differences between sublingual immunotherapy tablets and pharmacotherapies for seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis: Pooled analyses of clinical trials; Background: No head-to-head trials have compared the treatment effects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets and pharmacotherapy for allergic rhinitis (AR). Indirect treatment effect comparisons are difficult because of methodological differences in trial design/conduct. These analyses compare the effect on nasal symptoms with SLIT-tablets vs selected pharmacotherapies for seasonal and perennial AR (SAR and PAR) as analyzed by standardized mean difference (SMD) or difference relative to placebo. Method: Data were compiled and pooled from clinical development programs for various AR treatments. A fixed-effect meta-analysis method estimated treatment differences in average total nasal symptom scores (TNSS). Subjects scored symptoms daily during entire pollen seasons in 6 Timothy grass SLIT-tablet trials (n = 3094) and 2 ragweed SLIT-tablet trials (n = 658), and during the last 8 weeks of treatment in 2 house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet trials (n = 1768). Subjects scored symptoms daily in 7 montelukast (10 mg
Reccurent wheezing in Turkish children; Background: Recurrent wheezing is an important clinic problem among preschool children. The aim of this study is to identifiy general features of chidren with recurrent wheezing. Method: Two hundred and fifteen girls (31%) and 476 boys (69%) 691 children were evaluated retrospectively for identification general features of wheezy children attemted to Ege Univercity Pediatric Allergy Department between 1997 and 2015 years. Results: Onset of symptoms were 0-1 year of age in 52.2% patients, 0-3 years in 76.4% patients, after 6 years of age in 9.9% patients. Most of the attacks were usually in winter (54.4%). Nineteen percent of patients had symptoms between attacks. Forty-nine percent of our patients were hospitalized, mostly before 1 year of age. Consangunity was 11.2% whereas atopy and asthma was seen respectively 42.2%, 22.4% in family members. Most patients were the first child of the family (54.8%) and %38.9 of families had a low income and 53.1% used stove for heating. Atopic dermatitis and allergic rhinitis were seen in 3.9% and 17.9% of patients. Eosinophilia was 32.4% positive, mean serum total IgE levels were 335 ± 839 kU/l with 37.3% positivity. Immunodeficiency (transient hypogammaglobulinemia of infancy and IgA deficiencies) was found 23.1%. Aeroallergen and food allergen sensitivity were 40.8% and 30.6% with serum-spIgE and 31% with skin prick. Grass pollens (51%), dermatofagoides (46%), olea (24%), cat (23.7%) and alterinaria (13.8%) were the most common allergens in skin prick test. For preventive therapy inhaled corticosteroids was used 51.6%, leukotriene receptor antagonist montelucast was used 51.7%, combined inhaled therapy (inhaled corticosteroid and long-acting bronchodilators) was used 7.4%. Allergen immunotherapy was performed to 12.1% of patients. According to age of onset, atopy and persistance at 6 years of age 5 wheezing phenotypes were idendified:transient early wheeze (TEW)(%34.9), non-atopic wheeze (NAW)(%18), atopic wheeze (AW)(% 22.3), intermediate onset wheeze (IOW)(% 11.1), late onset wheeze (LOW)(%11.7). Fifty-nine percent of the patients with persistant wheezing at 6 years of age were atopic. Conclusion: Recurrent wheezing is a clinic problem in which atopy is an important risk factor, usually starting before 3 years of age and 34.9% is transient.
Siglec targeting of Phl p 5a peptides leads to superior suppression of allergic inflammation in vivo; Background: The ability to instruct dendritic cells (DCs) to induce allergen specific regulatory T cells (Tregs) is the key mechanism of allergen specific immunotherapy (IT). We previously established that linkage of specific sugar residues to peptide antigens (Sialylation) induces targeting to Siglec receptors on DCs. Sialylated peptides show increased internalization, processing and loading onto MHC molecules by the DCs, while the immune inhibitory effects of Siglec receptor ligation induce a tolerogenic DC phenotype, leading to induction of allergen-specific Tregs. Here, we present in vivo proof-of-principle evidence that Sialylated allergen peptides have superior efficacy in suppression of allergic inflammation. Method: We have evaluated suppression of allergic phenotypes in vivo by 2,3 sialic acid modified peptides derived from Phleum pratense 5a, one of the dominant major allergens of timothy grass pollen (GP). To this end, BALB/cByJ mice were sensitized using GP extract, treated with subcutaneous injections of saline (negative control), 2,3 sialic acid modified or control peptides, or GP extract (positive control), followed by intranasal GP challenge to induce allergic inflammation. We measured GP-specific immunoglobulins, inflammatory cells in broncho-alveolar lavage (BAL) and lung tissue and airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR) to methacholine. Results: We find that Phl p 5a peptide IT suppresses allergic inflammation and AHR in GP sensitized and challenged mice. Interestingly, IT treatment with sialylated Phl p 5a peptides induce increased numbers of FoxP3+ Tregs in lung tissue and superior suppression of eosinophils in BAL compared to unmodified Phl p 5a peptide. As expected, induction of neutralizing antibody responses was absent in Phl p 5a peptide treated groups. Conclusion: Glycation of allergen peptides increases both the number and functional activity of T-regs and leads to superior suppression of allergic inflammation compared to treatment with unmodified peptides. IT treatment with Sialylated Phl p5 a peptides is safe and inclusion of Phl p 1 and Phl p 5b epitopes might well result in a further increase of efficacy. Therefore, glycan-allergen conjugates have the potential to be developed as novel improved allergen-specific IT treatment.
The C1Q regulatory dendritic cell marker inhibits allergic inflammation through a modulation of pDC function; Background: The complement subunit C1Q was recently identified as a marker for regulatory dendritic cells (DCreg). Furthermore, the expression of C1Q genes encoding each of its A, B and C subunits is increased in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from grass pollen allergic patients exhibiting a clear clinical benefit following allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Herein, we investigated a potential direct anti-inflammatory activity of C1Q. Methods: The expression of C1Q receptors (i.e. cC1QR, gC1QR, CD93, CRI and LAIR) was analyzed in human blood leukocytes by flow cytometry. The effect of C1Q was assessed in vitro on inflammatory cytokine production by human DCs. C1Q was also administered intraperitoneally before aerosol allergen challenges to BALB/c mice sensitized to either ovalbumine (OVA) or birch pollen (BP). As controls, sensitized mice received either PBS or dexamethasone (DEX). Airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR), infiltration of eosinophils and type 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC2s) in broncho-alveolar lavages (BALs), as well as Th2/Treg responses were analyzed in the lungs to assess C1Q therapy efficacy. In some experiments, mice were treated with a monoclonal antibody depleting pDCs before allergen challenges. Results: Several human DC subsets including monocyte-derived dendritic cells (MoDCs), myeloid as well as plasmacytoid DCs (pDCs) express C1Q receptors. Functional assays, however, esthablished that soluble or immobilized C1Q only induce pDCs to secrete significantly less proinflammatory cytokines (i.e. IFNg, IL8 and TNFa) following in vitro activation with CpGA. In vivo administration of soluble C1Q to OVA- or BP-sensitized mice reduced both AHR, eosinophil and ILC2 infiltrates in BALs as well as Th2 responses (i.e. IL5 and IL13) in the lungs to levels similar to those observed when administering DEX. C1Q had no impact on the expansion of IL10/Foxp3+ regulatory T cells in the lungs. Importantly, a selective depletion of pDCs in OVA-sensitized mice abrogated the capacity of C1Q therapy to reduce allergic inflammation. Conclusion: We document herein a strong anti-inflammatory activity of C1Q in allergic inflammation, mediated through a modulation of pDC function. As such, this study (i) confirms the relevance of C1Q as a marker for DCregs and further (ii) suggests that DCregs can mediate a direct anti-inflammatory activity independently of the expansion of Tregs. We hypothesize that such a regulatory mechanism contributes to AIT efficacy.
Safety profiles of ragweed and grass sublingual immunotherapy tablets taken alone or together; Background: Several clinical trials have demonstrated the tolerability of timothy grass and ragweed sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets. The tolerability of dual SLIT-tablet treatment was determined in a clinical trial by active solicitation of adverse event (AE) reporting. Methods: In an open-label, multicenter trial of North American adults (N = 102) allergic to grass and ragweed, subjects received once-daily timothy grass SLITtablet (2800 BAU
Factors related to adverse reactions in SCIT cluster initiation schedules; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) constitutes the only specific treatment capable of reducing the progression of allergic rhinitis (AR) to allergic asthma. The objective of this study is to assess the safety of cluster SCIT for patients with AR. Method: All initiation SCIT schedules were evaluated from September 2013 to October 2015. Two hundred and eighty five subjects (n = 254
Pollen low dose intradermal therapy evaluation (PollenLITE): A double-blind randomised placebo-controlled trial of low-dose intradermal grass pollen immunotherapy in seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with high dose grass pollen (micrograms of allergen) is clinically effective and suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses. There are several uncontrolled historical reports of the efficacy of grass pollen immunotherapy given intradermally (IDIT) at low doses. We previously reported that six 2-weekly intradermal injections of grass pollen (containing over a 1000-fold less allergen than given in SCIT maintenance) almost totally suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous responses. However, the effect on symptoms is unknown. We investigated if cutaneous late response suppression following low dose grass pollen IDIT is associated with clinical improvement in allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollen. Method: We randomly assigned 93 adults with grass pollen allergic rhinitis to receive 7 pre-seasonal intradermal allergen immunotherapy injections (containing 7 nanograms of Phl p 5 major allergen) or histamine control (Feb - May 2013). The primary endpoint was daily combined symptom-medication scores during the 2013 pollen season (area under curve). Analysis was by intention to treat. Skin biopsies were taken after the pollen season following intradermal allergen challenges. Cutaneous late phase responses were measured 4 and either 7, 10 or 13 months post-treatment. Results: There was no significant difference in primary endpoint between treatment arms (median difference, 14
ILIT is a similarly effective treatment of grass pollen induced rhinitis for patients with moderate/severe and mild symptoms; Introduction: Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) is the only treatment that changes the immunological reaction that causes allergies. With intralymphatic immune therapy (ILIT) medicine is delivered directly into the lymph nodes. The effect is so great that duration of AIT treatment may be reduced to 2 months. We wanted to examine whether ILIT is clinically effective in patients with grass allergy and if there is difference in clinical effect between patients who have mild symptoms and moderate/severe symptoms according to Aria guidelines. Methods: We included 36 patients with rhinitis symptoms in the grass pollen season in a double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial. 21 had moderate/severe symptoms assessed by ARIA guidelines, 15 had mild symptoms. All patients were treated with three ILIT injections of 1000 SQU ALK 225, Pheum Pratense, before the grass pollen season 2014. Participants monitored the burden of rhinitis in the pollen season of 2014 in a combined symptom and medication score (SMS), and documented self-reported symptoms on a scale from 0-10 for the pollen seasons 2013 and 2014. Titrated skin prick test and nasal allergen provocation was done before and after ILIT. Results: 34 patients completed the study. SMS grass pollen season 2014 showed a median SMS of 1.27 (95%CI 0.86 to 1.69) for the placebo group and 0.74 (95%CI 0.46 to 1.03) for ILIT group (P = 0.03). The placebo group experienced a median reduction at 0.9 points (95%CI -0.83 to 2.65) in self-reported symptoms, P = 0.27. In the ILIT group the median reduction was 2.0 (95%CI 0.62 to 3.38), P = 0.007. The concentration of allergen to produce a positive skin test reaction increased, P < 0.05 in the ILIT group but not in the placebo group P = 0.08. There were nonsignificant changes in nasal provocations. There was non-significant difference in reduction in combined SMS score between patients with moderate/severe symptoms and mild symptoms according to Aria criteria (P = 0.62). Conclusion: With this study we show that ILIT has a clinically relevant effect as the SMS and level of self-reported symptoms was significantly lower in ILIT group than in the placebo group. Patients with mild symptoms experienced similar SMS reduction as patients with moderate/severe symptoms. This raises the idea that ILIT could be used in patients with mild rhinitis symptoms in addition to patients with moderate/ severe symptoms. Because treatment period is short this could be a possible way to treat a great number of patients.
Generation of a hypoallergenic variant of the grass pollen allergen Phl p 7 as a vaccine for treatment of Phl p 7-sensitized patients; Background: Immunotherapy, the only causative treatment for type I allergies, may cause severe side effects. Therefore new strategies for safer forms of specific immunotherapy are needed. One strategy is to modify allergens in a way that they show reduced IgE-binding capacity and thus upon application have a lower risk of inducing severe side effects. We previously produced a hypoallergenic mutant of the major fish allergen, parvalbumin, by introduction of point mutations into the two calcium-binding sites. Method: To see whether the same strategy can also be applied for other calcium-binding allergens, we introduced by site-directed mutagenesis four comparable mutations into the calcium-binding sites of Phl p 7, a polcalcin from timothy grass. The histidine-tagged wildtype and mutant variant of Phl p 7 were expressed in Escherichia coli and purified using affinity column chromatography. Results: The successful expression of the wildtype and mutant proteins was shown in immunoblots using anti-histidine as well as anti-Phl p 7 antibodies. Immunoblots and dot blots with sera from grass pollen allergic individuals showed a strongly reduced IgE-binding capacity of the mutant as compared to the wildtype allergen. These results demonstrated that mutagenesis of specific amino acids involved in calcium-binding might represent a general strategy to generate hypoallergenic variants of calcium-binding allergens. Circular dichroism spectroscopy experiments performed in the presence and absence of calcium further indicated that the Phl p 7 mutant had lost its calcium-binding property and displayed reduced secondary structure. To analyze whether the Phl p 7 mutant variant represents an immunogenic molecule, rabbits were immunized with tagless variants of the wildtype and mutant Phl p 7 proteins. ELISA analyses showed that the Phl p 7 mutant protein induced specific IgG antibodies, which recognized the mutant protein and also the Phl p 7 wildtype allergen. Conclusion: By mutagenesis of specific amino acids involved in calcium-binding we thus generated a hypoallergenic Phl p 7 molecule which still has the potential to activate the immune system. We therefore suggest, that the Phl p 7 mutant protein could be used for specific immunotherapy of patients sensitized to calcium-binding pollen allergens.
Grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy results in faster and greater suppression of allergen-induced skin responses compared to sublingual immunotherapy: A randomised controlled trial; Background: We undertook a randomised, double-blind, double-dummy, controlled trial of subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) grass pollen immunotherapy in participants with moderate-severe seasonal allergic rhinitis. Methods: 106 participants were randomised to one of three arms: active-SCIT (Alutard SQ, ALK), active-SLIT (Grazax, ALK) or double-placebo. Early (EPR, 15 min) and late (LPR, 8 h) skin responses to intradermal injection with grass pollen extract (Aquagen SQ, Phleum pratense [10 SQ units containing 7ng Phl p 5], ALK, Denmark) were recorded at baseline, at year 1 and year 2 during treatment and at year 3 (one year after stopping treatment). Serum was assessed for ability to block IgE-facilitated grass pollen allergen binding to EBV-transformed B-cells (IgE-FAB) in vitro. Results: At year 1, SCIT suppressed skin EPR compared to both placebo (26.1%) and SLIT (22.6%), P < 0.05. SLIT had a suppressive effect at year 2 (18.2% vs placebo), but the effect of SCIT was greater (17.4% vs SLIT), both P < 0.05. Both active treatments had significant persistent effects at year 3 (SCIT 18.6%, SLIT 8.4% vs placebo, both P < 0.05). Both treatments reduced skin LPR at all 3 years, peaking at year 2 (SCIT 63.5%, SLIT 39.7% vs placebo), persisting at year 3 (SCIT 49.7%, SLIT 32.5% vs placebo)
Group 5 allergen composition and protein composition of 9 sublingual immunotherapy therapies against grass pollen allergies; Background: People suffering from allergies can use two types of allergen immunotherapies to decrease their hypersensitivity, either subcutaneous injection or sublingual. The traditional vaccination involves a monthly subcutaneous administration of the allergen/allergen mixture (SCIT: sub-cutaneous immunotherapy). In the second type, the allergen extract is administered daily sublingually (either as a liquid or a tablet). In this study, 9 sub-lingual immunotherapy products, all intended for grass pollen allergies were first explored to identify their composition, and then analysed to determine their group 5 allergen content, and the actual protein load per administration determined using SDSPAGE/Immunoblotting. Methods: Compositional analysis: The companies that manufacture the different products were approached to identify the pollen used to prepare their respective SLIT products, this information, as well as localization information, is presented if available. Sample Characterization and analysis: Nine products containing mixed grass extracts used for SLIT were obtained for this study. Grass allergen Group 5 contents was determined by a sandwich ELISA using purified Phl p5 as a reference. SDS-PAGE analysis was used to visualize the protein present in the products at therapeutic doses, and immunoblotting used to identify the different allergens. This allowed also to have a visual representation of the amount of protein present in the daily dose. Results: As expected, the different grass pollen SLIT products not only vary in the pollen types used in their preparation, but also in their grass group 5 allergen contents. The products can be grouped into three categories: 'High', 'Medium' and 'Low' group 5 contents, with the high group containing, on average, 3-times more group 5 than the medium group, and over 20-times more group 5 protein than the 'Low' group (range of group 5 protein contents ∼0.07 μg/dose to ∼ 3.4 μg/dose). Conclusion: The 9 SLIT products are composed of different mixtures of grass pollens, but all include Phleum pratense, Poa pratensis and Lolium perenne. Group 5 allergen contents varies widely, although this could be due that some products are made from pollen obtained from different grass species that may contain less group 5 protein.
Nutritional status and meal patterns in allergic children during immunotherapy; Background: Obesity is a dramatically increasing problem of the 21st century with serious medical consequences. Change in meal patterns and life style is a possible background of this epidemic. At the same time allergic epidemy is observed. The aim of the study was to assess: 1 the nutritional status, 2 meal patterns, 3 relations between the body fat and pulmonary function in children treated with allergen immunotherapy to grass pollen (GrP) and house dust mitte (HDM). Method: We evaluated 69 children (32 F, 37 M
Comparison of efficacy of sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis affects 20% of the population. It causes morbidity and deteriorates quality of life in children. For children whose symptoms persist despite antihistamines and nasal steroids, immunotherapy, either sublingual (SLIT) or subcutaneous (SCIT), is effective. There is little data on the comparative efficacy of these 2 modes of treatment. Using symptom and medication scores, we compared the efficacy of sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children attending a paediatric allergy clinic. Method: Children treated with SLIT and SCIT for moderate to severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen, tree pollen or house dust mite allergy, between 2003 and 2014 were identified. SLIT was administered perennially for 3 years and SCIT was administered perennially for house dust mite and preseasonally for grass and/or tree pollen for 3 years. Symptom scores (graded out of 33) and medication scores (graded out of 15) were measured at baseline on all patients and then yearly, whilst on treatment. Scores were compared between patients treated with SCIT and SLIT. Results: In total 38 courses of SLIT and 39 courses of SCIT were administered to 74 children. Forty percent received treatment for combined grass and tree pollen allergy. Eczema was observed in 77% of the children. Symptom and medication scores were available for all 3 years in 36 children. The overall yearly reduction in symptom scores from baseline were -5.2 ± 7.1, -9.0 ± 8.2, and -9.8 ± 6.7
Long term effect of monophosphoryl-Aadjuvanted specific immunotherapy in children with grass pollen allergies; Background: Ultra-short course pollen immunotherapy adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) with 4 injections pre-seasonal is an attractive alternative to conventional allergen-specific immunotherapy (SCIT). However, long term efficacy of MPL-SCIT has not been evaluated so far. The aim of this cross sectional study was to evaluate the long term efficacy MPL-SCIT in patients with grass pollen allergy. Methods: A total of 68 patients (age 16.75 ± 5.3 years) with allergic rhinitis and concomitant allergic asthma to grass pollen were investigated. Patients were divided in three groups according to their treatment with grass MPL-SCIT (Pollinex®, Allergy Therapeutics): Group 1: 21 patients without treatment served as placebo
Clinical evolution of patients treated with a precoseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a native extract of grass pollen; Background: Immunotherapy is considered by World Health Organization as the only treatment that can alter the natural course of allergic diseases. Several meta-analyses support the ability of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) to control symptoms of allergic respiratory disease in both adults and pediatric patients. The analytical objective of this systematic data collection was to determine the clinical course of patients allergic to grass pollen, treated with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) following standard clinical practice. Method: The information recorded for 63 patients (adult and paediatric) with allergy to grass who received IT in a precoseasonal regimen (4 months/year) for at least one pollen season was analysed retrospectively. Most of the patients (98.4%) had been diagnosed with allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis and 63.5% also had associated bronchial asthma, in all cases controlled. All received SLIT with an aqueous allergen extract of grass pollen between 2008 and 2013. To assess the efficacy of treatment the following aspects were analysed: Evolution of drug treatment over the previous year. Evolution of rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis during the last year of treatment. Evolution of asthma, during the last year of treatment. Safety of treatment was assessed by recording local and systemic adverse reactions (EAACI 2006). Results: The analysis included 63 patients: children 15.9%, adolescents 38.1% and adults 46%. The assessment of drug treatment regarding the previous year: 64.5% The 62.5% of the patients showed improvement in asthma evolution in the last year of IT and 10% of them were asymptomatic of patients needed less treatment or did not require treatment. This percentage was statistically significant (P < 0.01) compared to the percentage of patients that remained the same (35.5%). Regarding the evolution of the symptoms of rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis, 4.8% were asymptomatic and 64.5% of patients showed improvement over the previous year. For asthma, 10% were asymptomatic and 62.5% were better than the previous year. They were administered a total of approximately 51 990 doses having recorded 2 adverse reactions in 2 patients, both were local adverse reactions (erythema face and migraine). The ratio of registered adverse reactions was 0.003. Conclusion: Treatment with SLIT in patients allergic to grass pollen was safe and effective, improving the clinical situation of patients in relation to the different parameters analysed.
Aeroallergen sensitization profiles in Northern Greece; Background: It is well known that the prevalence of respiratory allergies varies not only between different countries but also between different regions within the same country. This may be attributed not only to different socio-economic or climatic characteristics but also to different aeroallergens that influence sensitization. The purpose of this study was to determine the sensitization profiles to common aeroallergens among individuals with respiratory allergies living in Northern Greece, since such data are lacking in the literature. Method: The records of all patients with respiratory allergy under active allergen immunotherapy between 2013 and 2015 were reviewed. Their sensitization profile, which was based on skin prick test results with the standard Pan-European skin prick test panel for respiratory allergens, was recorded. All patients had at least one clinically relevant sensitization. Results: 166 allergic individuals (70.5% males) with mean age 31.3 ± 13.1 yo (range 5-66 yo) were evaluated. 144 of them (87%) had allergic rhinitis, 20 (12%) allergic rhinitis and asthma and 2 (1%) allergic asthma alone. 39 patients (23.5%) were monosensitized: 11 to grass pollen, 8 to tree pollen, 8 to weed pollen, 7 to house dust mites (HDM), 3 to molds, 1 to animal epithelia and 1 to cockroach. Overall, 64.5% were sensitized to tree pollen (olive 44%
Systemic increase of regulatory B cells coincides with shift in effector T cell compartments following grass pollenspecific Immunotherapy; Background: Regulatory immune cells are under current investigation in several autoimmune and allergic disease entities. IL-10-producing regulatory B cells (Bregs) are known to maintain regulatory capacities of T cells while restricting Th1 and Th17 differentiation. Recently, it has been shown that regulatory T cells (Tregs) can not only differentiate into effector Th17 cells via an intermediate subset expressing FoxP3 and IL-17 simultaneously, but also, that Th17 cells carry the ability to transdifferentiate “back” into Tregs. Method: In this study, we extracted peripheral blood monocytes (PBMCs) from 20 allergic patients at several time points during an up-dosing period of grass-pollen specific immunotherapy (SIT) and analyzed different immune cell populations using flow cytometry. We prospectively monitored these patients over several years and collected further samples in and out of grass pollen season. Results: Systemic T- and B-cell subsets were compared at baseline and six hours after the last maintenance top dose of SIT. We found a significant increase in total B cell numbers and IL-10-producing regulatory B cells shortly after the last maintenance injection. On top, the IL-10+/TNFα+ ratio in B cells was significantly increased, which has been postulated to indicate their regulatory function even stronger than IL-10 production alone. The increased regulatory B cell population in the blood coincides with a significant decrease of effector Th17 cells and, notably, with a decrease in the IL-17-expressing CD4+CD25+FoxP3+ Treg population. Conclusion: In summary, we could show that the early systemic immune response to specific immunotherapy involves the induction of B cells carrying regulatory functions. We postulate that this increase leads to a shift of Th17 cells towards a rather regulatory phenotype, as not only the Th17 population, but also the intermediate IL-17+FoxP3+ Treg subset was significantly decreased shortly after the last maintenance injection. In conclusion, the frequency of Th17 cells and IL-17-producing regulatory T cells in the peripheral blood may represent early biomarkers of immunotherapy efficacy.
Factors influencing the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a safe and effective treatment for allergic rhinitis and previous studies have reported beneficial effects in patients with allergic asthma. We aimed to characterize the clinical factors associated with a positive outcome of SLIT in patients with allergic asthma, defined as improved pulmonary function, reduced need for medication and improved scores in asthma control and quality of life questionnaires. Method: The study included 42 adult and adolescent patients diagnosed with allergic rhinitis and asthma (aged 15-47) who received sublingual immunotherapy for 3 years (for a single allergen: house dust mite, cat dander, grass pollen, or ragweed pollen). Patients were evaluated by pulmonary function testing, and detailed questionnaires regarding family history of asthma and atopy, lifestyle, as well as Asthma Control Test (ACT) questionnaires were administered
Gaziantep university clinic of pediatric allergy specific immunotherapy in patients with multiple allergen frequency and multiple allergen immunotherapy; Background: Specific immunotherapy is an effective treatment modality which has been used for a long time to cure allergic diseases. It's known that the incidence of multi-allergen sensitivity has increased in recent years and effects of specific immunotherapy is underlined. In this presentation we outline the incidence of multiallergen sensitivity and multiple immunotherapy in patients who are on follow up with the diagnoses of asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in the city of Gaziantep. Results: 51 patients who have asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and who are on specific immunotherapy in our Pediatric Allergy clinic in Gaziantep University were evaluated. Thirty five of our patients (% 68.6) were male and sixteen (%31.4) were female. Mean age was 12.5 (-2.4). Thirty eight patients (%74.5) had asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, 6 (%11.7) patients had asthma and 7 (%13.7) patients had allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. The most commonly identified allergen with the skin test was grass pollen in 35 (%68.6) patients. Sensitivity for alternaria was identified in 23 (%45) patients, grain pollen in 22 (%43) patients, mixture of tree pollens in 10 (%19.6) patients, D. farinea and D. pteronysinus in 10 (%19.6) patients, olive tree in 5 (%9.8) patients, cypress tree in 5 (%9.8) patients, cladiosporium in 3 (%5.8) and aspergillus in one (%1.9) patient. Twenty six (%50.9) patients were found to have multi-allergen sensitivity. Twenty two (%43) patients were on immunotherapy with two groups of allergens and 29 (%57) patients with single allergen. Conclusion: Nearly half of our patients had multi-allergen sensitivity and 84.6%of these received immunotherapy from both arms. In patients with asthma and allerjic rhinoconjunctivitis “polysensitisation” is an important issue and these patients present with more severe clinical signs. The fact that specific immunotherapy is an effective treatment modality in patients with asthma and allerjic rhinoconjunctivitis brings up the significance of evaluating the effectivity of specific immunotherapy in “polysensitized” patients.
Clinical evolution of patient treated with a precoseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a mix extract of grass pollen and Olea europaea; Background: Allergic rhinitis is a major public health concern in many countries, particularly in the case of developed countries, where up to 30% of adults are affected and up to 40% of children. Sublingual route is an effective alternative to subcutaneous and enables improved acceptance of immunotherapy by the patient. The analytical objective of this systematic data collection was to determine the clinical course of patients allergic with coexisting allergy to grass and O. europaea pollen, treated with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) following standard clinical practice. Method: The information recorded for 85 patients (adult and paediatric) with grass and olive pollen allergy who received IT in a precoseasonal regimen for at least one pollen season was analysed retrospectively. All patients (100%) had been diagnosed with allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis and 75.3% also had associated bronchial asthma, in all cases controlled. All received SLIT with an aqueous allergen mix extract of grass and O. europaea between 2003 and 2013. To assess the efficacy of treatment the following aspects were analysed: 1 Evolution of drug treatment over the previous year 2 Evolution of rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis during the last year of treatment 3 Evolution of asthma, during the last year of treatment Safety of treatment was assessed by recording local and systemic adverse reactions (EAACI 2006). Results: This percentage (82.4%) was statistically significant (P < 0.001) compared to the percentage of patients that remained the same or required further treatment (16.5% and 1.2% respectively). Regarding the evolution of the symptoms of rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis, 15.3% were asymptomatic and 71.8% of patients showed improvement over the previous year. For asthma, 46.8% were asymptomatic and 45.2% were better than the previous year. About a total of 27.300 doses were administered and no adverse reactions were registered. Conclusion: Treatment with SLIT in patients allergic to both grass and O. europaea pollen was safe and effective, improving the situation of patients with the disease in relation to the three parameters analysed.
Immunological biomarker predict clinical effects in subcutaneous peptide allergen immunotherapy; Background: Peptide-allergen-immunotherapy has been shown to be efficacious for treating rhinoconjunctivitis in grass-pollen allergic patients. Using conjunctival allergen challenge as a surrogate parameter of clinical efficacy we studied whether the effects of a short course of peptide immunotherapy are reflected by the immunological parameters of sIgG4 and the functional blocking antibody response measured by facilitated allergen binding (FAB). Method: This was a DBPC dose-finding study (EudraCT-No:2013-005445-37) in 198 patients eligible to receive either placebo or a peptidase-hydrolysate of grasspollen peptides at 5 visits over 4 weeks at cumulative doses of up to 370 μg. Conjunctival allergen challenge was performed before, during and after immunotherapy. This parameter has a predictive value for patients' symptoms and medication needs during the pollen season. Serum samples were taken before and after therapy to determine sIgG4 and FAB. Results: Patients who showed improvement of the conjunctival allergen challenge following pollen-specific peptide immunotherapy revealed a significantly greater decrease in FAB than those who did not (improved patients: 20.0% ± 16.7 inhibition
Eosinophilic esophagitis and profilin allergy; Eosinophilic esophagitis (EE) is characterized by the presence of a biopsy with inflammatory eosinophilic infiltrate in the esophageal mucosa. Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) has been associated with allergic diseases of the airways and skin. In two thirds of adult EoE patients, sensitization to cross-reactive plant allergen components have been be detected. In majority of cases the food triggering EoE can only be identified by an elimination diet and following reintroduction controlled by endoscopy and histology. Case report: We present a 15-year-old girl with a history of mild seasonal controlled rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma, allergy to grass pollen and never received immunotherapy. For the last year, she had experienced oral pruritus after eating melon, cherry and peach. She did not stop eating these foods, and in the lasts months, she suffered dysphagia with theses fruits. When she come to allergy department, she have taken proton pump inhibitors and no improvement to her symptoms. We performed a skin prick tests with commercial standardized extracts of profilin, fruit, vegetables, cereal, nuts, and standardized Pru p 3 peach extract. The patient presented positive results for the profilin (10 mm). Total immunoglobulin (Ig) E was 1400 kU/L. Specific IgE was < 0.35 kUA/L in Pru p3 and elevated for rPru p4 (7.95 kUA/L), apple (0.66 kUA/L), cherry (1.94 kUA/L), pineapple (11.4 kUA/L), peach (1.69 kUA/L), grass pollen (6.44 kUA/L), lolium perenne (349 kUA/L), poa pratensis (347 kUA/L), Phl p12 (5.41 kUA/L). A complete blood count showed 600 eosinophils/lL. The results for the remaining biochemistry parameters and the complement and immunoglobulin studies were normal. Gastroendoscopy showed a hyperplasia of basal cells and squamous cells of reactive changes in esophageal mucosa with a nonstenotic mucous ring in the transition zone. Biopsy revealed a clear predominantly eosinophilic infiltrate (>25 eosinophils per high-magnification field). The fruit was excluded from the diet and began corticosteroid therapy swallowed. Six months later, the patient was asymptomatic and waiting endoscopy schedule for reassessment. This prior sensitization to grass pollen may explain the subsequent sensitization to profilins. Sometimes the correlation between EoE with specific foods is difficult. In this case, the face relationship between the intake of fruits and symptoms, allowed a therapeutic approach without widely restrictive diets, very common in these patients.
Immunological differences in oral mucosa and effector cell sensitivity in patients with different severity degree of profilin mediated food reactions; Background: In areas of Spain with high level of exposition to grass pollen, around 60% of allergic patients were sensitized to profilin and a significant proportion of them, developed severe profilin mediated food reactions. The type of reactions were similar to those described in the rare adverse reactions due to sublingual immunotherapy. Therefore this specific population could constitute an ideal model to study the relation between respiratory and food allergy as well as to elucidate the underlying mechanisms of adverse reactions during SLIT. Method: 20 patients with a history of pollen- associated food allergy and 6 controls were studied. Allergic patients were stratified into moderate or severe according to their response to oral provocation with profilin. Immunohistochemistry for Langerin, CD11b, CD3, CD4 and mast cell tryptase was performed in formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded sections of oral mucosa biopsies. Additionally, basophil activation test was performed in whole blood samples upon allergen stimulation (Profilin Pho d 2, 2 pg-0.2 μg, provided by ALK) by flow cytometry using the BasoFlowEx® Kit, and the EC50 was calculated. Results: The number of Langerin+ cells and CD11b+ cells were significantly higher in allergic patients with severe pollen-associated food allergy (group 3) than in healthy patients (group1). This group of patients also showed a higher number of CD3+ cells in the epithelium of the oral mucosa, being more than 90% of those CD4+ T cells. Even though the number of tryptase positive cells was the same between groups, there are significant differences in their localization. Mastocytes located in the submucosa appear to be closer to the epithelium as the degree of inflammation increased. With regards to basophils sensitivity, results show that the EC50 in group 3 is around 200-times lower than in group 2 (0.00079 μg/ml vs 0.14 μg/ ml). Conclusion: The results suggest that in this specific population of patients an immune response in taking place both locally, as we have found all actors needed for a full antigen presentation process in the oral mucosa, and systemically with a 100 fold increase in basophils sensitivity in patients suffering severe profilin food mediated reactions.
Physicochemical and immunologic characterisation of grass allergoids: Detection of allergen composition and identification of new epitopes; Background: Many allergy vaccine formulations are currently available, with the active ingredient being intact allergens, chemically modified allergoids, peptides or recombinants. The rationale behind chemical modification of allergens using glutaraldehyde to decrease allergenicity through disruption of conformational IgE epitopes, while maintaining immunogenicity via preservation of sequential IgG epitopes. The resulting product is a molecule containing individual allergens in chains which may have a higher molecular weight. The use of allergoid preparations is a large sector of the allergy immunotherapy market, associated with proven clinical efficacy and short-course therapy. This investigation sought to investigate the allergen composition and epitope specificity of IgG-antibodies induced by glutaraldehyde polymerized allergens. Methods: The profile of polymerization of grass allergens into allergoids was characterised by high performance-size exclusion chromatography (HP-SEC). Different sizes of allergoid fractions were further purified, fragmented and analysed via tandem mass spectrometry. Recognition of linear IgGepitopes of the group 1 major allergen - Lol p 1 - and the capacity of these IgGantibodies to block binding of human-IgE was determined. Results: HPLC highlighted native and allergoid extracts as not two discrete preparations but instead a complex formula of native and modified allergens of different sizes, within which IgG reactive epitopes are present. Proteomic analysis of a twelve grass mix allergoid preparation confirmed the presence of allergens from multiple grass species. IgG-reactive epitopes were mapped on the group 1 crystal structure. The capacity to block binding of human-IgE was highlighted. Conclusions: Epitope specificity of IgGantibodies induced by glutaraldehyde polymerized allergens recognize common but also novel epitopes compared with native extracts and have the propensity to effectively inhibit human-IgE binding to allergens which may be part of the mechanism of action of SIT.
Investigating the fate of sublingually administered antigens: A major role for lingual tonsil; Background: The oral cavity is a site of critical importance for the immune response, because all ingested antigens and a significant part of inhaled antigens must pass through it. This accounts for the high density of secondary lymphoid organs, such as adenoids, tubal, palatine and lingual tonsils, all included in the Waldeyer ring. We evaluated the role of the lingual tonsil in processing inactive material or allergen extracts. Method: A tablet of vegetable coal or a tablet of 5-grass pollens (Oralair, Stallergenes, Antony, France) was introduced in the mouth of healthy volunteers, at the level of lingual frenulum, following its progression by fibroscopy. Results: The progression of both the inactive material and the grass pollen tablet was the same, from the introduction under the tongue to the movement along the gingival fornix and finally to the lingual tonsil, where it disappeared, probably because it was drained into the crypts. The time to reach the lingual tonsil was, for both the inactive and active substance, 3 min from application, and the time to disappear into the tonsil was 5 min. Conclusion: This preliminary finding suggests that the lingual tonsil could be considered as an inductive site sampling and processing antigens to stimulate the immune response, thus exerting a role warranting to be investigated in depth. This may have, if confirmed, important consequences in improving medical treatments such as sublingual immunotherapy, in particular for applications favoring the allergen extract to reach the lingual tonsil.
Grass pollen cluster inmunotherapy: Safety aspects; Background: Cluster schedules are an accelerated procedure to achieve maintenance dose and allow the administration of high allergen doses in a short time interval. We investigate the safety profile of cluster schedule with grass pollen (SCIT), in patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma. Method: A total of 231 patients, aged 14 to 65 years (111 female and 120 male) with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass pollen were, included, in an open label prospective trial in a 5 years period (from 2010 to 2015). Grass pollen allergy was confirmed by clinical history, skin prick test and serum specific IgE. Patients received grass pollen SCIT, in a cluster schedule
Minor allergens sensitization and adverse reactions with an optimized olea +/- grass allergen extract; Background: The molecular diagnosis has become an essential tool for defining the profile of patients allergic sensitization, and whether or not to administer immunotherapy and determine their composition. There is literature on the relationship of sensitization to minor allergens (olea and grass) and incidence of adverse reactions with the ITA. The aim of this study was to investigate whether adverse drug reactions (ADRs) during immunotherapy with a olea +/- grass extract (AVANZ-ALK-Abelló) are related to the different patterns of sensitization of patients to grass and olea allergens. Method: This is a pilot study which have been included to date 27 patients: 14 treated with an extract olive + grass and 13 with an extract of Olea. The administration of subcutaneous immunotherapy (AVANZ®, ALK, S.A.) was performed using cluster schedule. Allergens were determined by InmmunoCAP: Phl p 1 + 5, 7 and 12, Ole e 1, 7 and 9. Results: Patients treated with an extract of Olea 100% showed no systemic reactions. All were Ole e 1 positive and 6 Ole e 7 and/or 9 positive. In patients treated with an extract of Olea plus grasses, all were Ole e 1 and Phl p 1 + 5 positive, and 8 were Ole 7 positive and 3 and 9 positive. Two patients suffered one systemic reaction grade 1 (EAACI). The first patient, who continued immunotherapy, had an IgE to Ole e 1 > 100 kU/l, and IgE to Phl p 1 + 5 was 12.7 kU/l. Second, discontinued treatment, had an IgE to Ole e 1 = 0.96, Ole e 7 = 0.47 and Phl p 1 + 5 = 6.63. Both had specific IgE to Phl phl p7 and p12 negative. Conclusion: Although there is literature on the relationship of sensitization to minor allergens and incidence of adverse reactions with the ITA, always consider population differences in profiles of awareness and tolerance. Although our preliminary data show no association between minor allergens sensitization and adverse reactions with an optimized olea +/- grass allergen extract AVANZ® ALK-Abelló, it is necessary to continue increasing the number of patients.
Comparison of allergenic extracts from different origins: the value of the FDA’s bioequivalent allergy unit (BAU); Introduction: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) is the only disease-modifying intervention for the treatment of allergic diseases. The clinical effectiveness of AIT is clearly dose-dependent, so it is important that clinicians can assess and compare the potency of the various products available. However, this is not possible in practice, because manufacturers use different methods to determine potency. Therefore, a clear need exists for adoption of a ‘gold-standard’ measure of allergenicity. The bioequivalent allergy unit (BAU) is thus far the only allergen unit approved by a regulatory agency (the US Food and Drug Administration), with European regulatory authorities yet to adopt a common unit. Areas covered: Using PubMed, we performed a review of the literature on measures of allergen extract potency, use of the BAU, and BAU assessment for grass pollen tablets. Expert commentary: There is an obvious benefit to allergists and patients for having a single, comparable unit across products, and we strongly support the adoption of a single, ‘gold-standard’ unit of measurement for all products. Use of the BAU allows a clear comparison of the potency of allergen products from different manufacturers, and enables better understanding of the potential reasons for any differences in administration and dosing protocols between these products.
House Dust Mite-Specific Sublingual Immunotherapy Prevents the Development of Allergic Inflammation in a Mouse Model of Experimental Asthma; Background: Evidence regarding sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) efficacy and its good safety profile has been demonstrated with pollen and house dust mite (HDM) allergens in the treatment of airway allergies. In addition, the use of grass pollen presents a SLIT disease-modifying treatment for respiratory allergies. Objectives: The aim of this study was to demonstrate the efficacy of HDM-based SLIT in mouse models of allergic airway inflammation and to gain insights into the involved local immunological mechanisms. Methods: Balb/c mice were sensitized/challenged with Dermatophagoides farinae (Der f) extract and underwent Der f-SLIT in prophylactic and therapeutic settings. The SLIT efficacy was assessed using lung function measurements, analysis of local inflammatory responses by bronchoalveolar lavage cell differentiation and lung histology. Humoral and cellular responses were monitored by ELISA, cytokine bead array and flow cytometry analyses. Results: In a prophylactic setting, Der f-SLIT with 12 development units per dose reduced the eosinophil-dominated inflammatory response in the lung paralleled by a marked reduction in airway hyperresponsiveness. Local Th2 responses were prevented as demonstrated by significantly lower levels of IL-5 and IL-13. Additionally, SLIT-treated mice revealed a lower proportion of CD4-CD8- ?d cells and a higher frequency of CD8+CD25+IFN?+ T cells in the lungs compared to sham-treated mice. In a therapeutic setting, Der f-SLIT also resulted in reduced inflammatory responses in the lung. Conclusion: The efficacy of Der f-SLIT was demonstrated in prophylactic and therapeutic conditions using experimental mouse models of HDM-induced airway inflammation. A potential role of a so far underestimated lymphocyte subpopulation was also indicated.
Effect of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Vitamin D supplementation on the immunologic effectiveness of grassspecific sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergy; Background: An important issue in sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is how to improve efficacy. Objective: To compare the clinical and immunologic efficacy of SLIT given alone and, to enhance clinical efficacy, given with probiotic or Vitamin D supplementation. Methods: One hundred children, ages 5-12 years, sensitive to grass pollen, with allergic rhinitis participated in a 5-month prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Children received 5-grass SLIT 300 IR tablets with either Vitamin D 1000 IU daily supplementation, probiotic, or placebo. The control group included children with allergy who did not qualify for immunotherapy. Primary end points included a symptom-medication score, lung function, and exhaled nitric oxide concentration. The secondary end point was the immunologic efficacy measured by the following: CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ (forkhead box P3) cells, Toll-like receptor (TLR) 4, interleukin (IL) 1, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor, IL-10, and transforming growth factor β-1 levels in cell culture supernatants. Results: Reduction in the symptom-medication score and improvement in lung function as well as a significant increase in the percentage of CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ in children who received SLIT in all the groups were observed compared with control group. In the SLIT-probiotic group, between-group analysis showed significantly higher CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ induction compared with the SLIT group and higher reduction in the percentage of TLR-positive cell group compared with the SLIT-Vitamin D group (Fig. 1). An increase in CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ induction, reduction in TLR-positive cells recruitment and an increase in transforming growth factor β-1 production were independently associated with a better clinical effect of SLIT in children. Conclusions: We demonstrated the clinical and immunologic effect of probiotic and Vitamin D supplementation on SLIT. Probiotic supplementation showed better clinical and immunologic response in children with allergic rhinitis.
Relevance of a 5-grass sublingual tablet for immunotherapy of patients with grass pollen allergy in North America; ABSTRACT: Grass pollen allergy is common and clinically consequential in North America. While it is frequently treated with subcutaneous or sublingual immunotherapy, debate remains regarding whether allergen immunotherapy is best carried out using a single representative or multiple cross-reactive allergen(s). Patients are commonly exposed to pollens from multiple allergenic grass species belonging to the Pooideæ subfamily. Beyond the known IgE cross-reactivity, considerable molecular heterogeneity exists with respect to allergen content among grass species, with further evidence that these molecular variants can be detected by the patients’ immune system. These observations provide a compelling scientific rationale for the use of mixed pollen allergen extracts to broaden the allergen repertoire, with the aim of reorienting inappropriate immune responses in allergic patients.
Health-Related Quality of Life During Routine Treatment with the SQ-Standardised Grass Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet: A Non-Interventional Observational Study; Background and Objective: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) with the SQ® grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet has been shown to be efficacious, well-tolerated and to improve disease-specific health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in controlled clinical trials. The aim of our study was to investigate HRQoL in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis routinely treated with the SLIT-tablet and taking symptomatic medication as needed compared with patients treated only with symptomatic medication. Methods: In a non-interventional, open-label study, patients treated with the SLIT-tablet were observed for about 12 months compared with patients only symptomatically treated. Patients assessed their HRQoL with the 12-Item Short Form Health Survey (SF-12) and the Rhinitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) in the grass pollen seasons (GPS) at baseline (GPS1, HRQoL1), after GPS1 (HRQoL2) and in the following GPS (GPS2, HRQoL3). Tolerability, compliance, symptoms and medication use were assessed in the SLIT-tablet group by the physician. Results: Overall, data were analysed in 576 patients. Mean differences (±SD) in overall scores for HRQoL3 versus HRQoL1 (186 patients) of SF-12 were +11.4 ± 16.8 (SLIT-tablet) and −3.4 ± 15.7 (symptomatic medication), (p < 0.0001), and of RQLQ −1.31 ± 1.07 and +0.10 ± 0.74 (p < 0.001), and for HRQoL3 versus HRQoL2 (238 patients) of SF-12 −1.6 ± 15.3 and −10.0 ± 14.1 (p = 0.0003), and of RQLQ +0.22 ± 1.29 and +1.24 ± 1.30 (p < 0.0001). Tolerability and adherence for the SLIT-tablet were comparable with data of other non-interventional studies. Conclusions: Routine treatment with the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet resulted in clear improvements in disease-specific and general quality of life, while no improvements were observed in patients treated only symptomatically.
Update: Stability of allergen extracts to establish expiration dating; Purpose of review: The article reviews studies pertaining to US manufactured allergen extract stability that contribute to guidance for expiration dating for bulk concentrates, diluted patient testing and treatment vials, and adjustments following elevated temperature excursions. Recent findings: Studies on allergen stability were completed to satisfy the Food and Drug Administration requirements supporting labeled expiration dating for standardized short ragweed, dust mites, cat, grass, and venom extracts and are not published. These studies demonstrated the stability enhancing parameters of 50% glycerin and support the Food and Drug Administration mandated expiration of nonstandardized extracts allowing glycerin extracts twice the dating of nonglycerin aqueous extracts. Patient vials are commonly given 6-12 months dating. There is adequate evidence that human serum albumin stabilizes low protein diluted vials. High protease allergens such as molds and insects compromised potency of pollens when mixed. Subsequent work continued to define the effects of diluents on extract dilutions, temperature excursions that occasionally occur with shipping or refrigerator malfunctions, and allergen compatibility. Summary: Potency has been determined for allergen dilutions with diluents typically used for allergen immunotherapy. These studies along with changes of potency under various storage conditions and mixing designed to improve our guidance on expiration dating of allergen extracts will be discussed.
How does the efficacy and safety of Oralair® compare to other products on the market?; Due to differences between allergen immunotherapy (AIT) trials in patient populations, trial design (including primary efficacy variables), the definition of a pollen season, data analysis, and comparisons between AIT products with existing data, is not possible nor valid. The efficacy of two grass pollen AIT tablets, Oralair® and Grazax®/Grastek®, should not be compared by looking at the percentage of score improvement in their respective trials. However, the evidence available concerning the efficacy and safety in trials can be compared by paying close attention to the scientific quality of the trials, details in the administration schedules, and safety issues. It can be concluded due to the high level of evidence available, that Oralair® is effective in a pre (2-months)-coseasonal schedule to reduce symptoms and medication use, and improve a patients’ quality of life during the treatment season. For the long-term, where the quality of efficacy evidence is moderate at 2-year posttreatment due to a high dropout rate, the pre (4-months)-coseasonal schedule should be used. No clinical efficacy data exists for starting treatment in-season, but the clinical onset of action of Oralair® is detectable after only 1 month of treatment. In the pivotal trials in Europe and the USA, no tablet-related epinephrine was needed, though some rare severe local reactions have been reported. Research for Grazax®/Grastek® showed that the long-term efficacy needs a continuous 3-year administration (moderate-low quality evidence available), and in two patients, tablet-related epinephrine was given. Further details on the comparative efficacy of both tablets would only be possible if both were evaluated in the same, adequately powered trial.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy induces allergen specific plasmablasts and increases tolerance to skin prick testing in a pilot study; Background: Allergen Immunotherapy is a promising treatment of allergy. Seven patients with rhinoconjunctivitis to grass allergen were treated with intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) to explore whether this treatment could be performed. Effect of treatment was assessed as change in symptom medication score, response in skin prick test and nasal allergen provocation. ILIT deposits allergen in an inguinal lymph node to elicit a strong immune stimulus. This allowed us to monitor appearance of allergen specific plasmablasts 7 days after allergen injection. Findings: In an open trial of seven patients with a history of symptomatic allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen, three injections of allergen into inguinal lymph nodes were performed with monthly intervals. Allergen injections induced grass allergen specific plasmablasts expressing other isotypes than IgE after 7 days, induced a trend toward improvement in symptom and medication score and rhinoconjunctivitis-related quality of life during the grass pollen season 2013 and significantly raised the threshold in nasal allergen challenge and titrated skin prick testing. Mild side-effects were recorded after 3 of the 21 of injections (14 %). Conclusions: This pilot study shows that ILIT may induce allergen specific plasmablasts, and confirms an effect on provocation of mast cells in skin and nasal mucosa during the ensuing winter.
Debates in allergy medicine: Specific immunotherapy efficiency in children with atopic dermatitis; Allergen specific immunotherapy (AIT) has been the only pathogenetically relevant treatment of IgE-mediated allergic diseases (ADs) for many years. The use of AIT for atopic dermatitis (AD) treatment is dubious and has both followers and opponents. The improvement of subcutaneous AIT (SCIT) and introduction of Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) gives prospects of their application both for adults and children suffering from AD. This review presents results of scientific research, system and meta-analyses that confirm the clinical efficacy of AIT for children with AD who has the sensitization to allergens of house dust mite, grass and plant pollen suffering from co-occurring respiratory ADs and with moderate and severe course of allergic AD. There have been analyzed the most advanced achievements in AIT studies as well as there have been specified the unmet needs in AD. The preliminary diagnostics of IgE-mediated AD and pathophysiological disorders, including immune ones, will allow a doctor to develop appropriate comprehensive treatment algorithm for children's AD aimed at its correction. The including of AIT to the children's comprehensive therapy program is reasonable only if AD has the allergic form. It is necessary better to design the randomized research studies and to acquire extended clinical practice in children with AD. Use of the successes of molecular-based allergy diagnostics will help to optimize and personalize the process of selecting the necessary allergens to determine the most appropriate vaccines for children considering the results of the allergen component diagnostics. The strategy of treatment of children with AD in future will be based on individual target therapy.
Case Report of Near-Fatal Asthma Due to Snail Allergy in a House Dust Mite-Allergic Adult; A) Background: Cross-reaction between food and inhalant allergens usually show mild symptoms. However, severe asthma symptoms, exercise-induced anaphylaxis, urticaria and “recall urticaria” at the site of immunotherapy injection may occur after ingestion of snails by patients allergic to house dust mites (1). B) Methods: We report the case of a 23-years old woman who suffered from an acute severe asthma attack complicated by asphyxic evolution leading to cardiopulmonary arrest. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was successful, subcutaneous emphysema occurred, left pneumothorax was treated by chest tube. The clinical course was benign, and the patient returned from hospital to home after a few days with no complication. Medical history revealed that she had had asthma for 10 years, with allergy to inhaled allergens (grass pollen, house dust mites, pets dander). She had been treated 9 years earlier by subcutaneous specific immunotherapy against house dust mites for 2 years. Medications taken included albuterol, beclomethasone, salmeterol and montelukast. She ate Norway lobsters and snails 5 hours before the beginning of acute severe asthma attack and had sexual intercourse with no condom 3 hours before. C) Results: Skin prick tests (SPT, diameters of the wheals and flares in mm) and serum specific Ig E (SSIg E, Pharmacia Unicap 1000) confirmed sensitization against snails (SPT = 7/30
Grass pollen immunotherapy: Where are we now; During allergen immunotherapy (AIT), the allergic patient is exposed to the disease-inducing antigens (allergens) in order to induce clinical and immunological tolerance and obtain disease modification. Large trials of grass AIT with highly standardized subcutaneous and sublingual tablet vaccines have been conducted to document the clinical effect. Induction of blocking antibodies as well as changes in the balance between T-cell phenotypes, including induction of regulatory T-cell subtypes, have been demonstrated for both treatment types. These observations increase the understanding of the immunological mechanism behind the clinical effect and may make it possible to use the immunological changes as biomarkers of clinical effect. The current review describes the recent mechanistic findings for subcutaneous immunotherapy and sublingual immunotherapy/tablet treatment and discusses how the observed immunological changes translate into a scientific foundation for the observed clinical effects of grass pollen immunotherapy and lead to new treatment strategies for grass AIT.
Tolerability of the SQ-standardised grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet in patients treated with concomitant allergy immunotherapy: A non-interventional observational study; Background: The majority of allergic patients are poly-sensitized. For causal treatment by allergy immunotherapy (AIT) a single or few allergen products containing the clinically most relevant allergens are applied, but few data on tolerability of multiple application of AIT is available. The aim of our study was to investigate safety and tolerability in patients who started treatment by sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with the standardised SQ® grass SLIT-tablet and were treated with concomitant AIT products. Methods: In a non-interventional, open-label, observational study in Germany treatment of patients with the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet and concomitant AIT (SCIT or SLIT) was documented between January 2012 and January 2014. Patients were followed at visits at first administration of the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet and after 1-3 months of treatment. Tolerability of the treatment with the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet and concomitant AIT were assessed by the physician and administration of AIT and adverse events (AEs) were recorded by the patients in diaries. AEs and adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were coded by using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities. Results: In total, 181 patients were documented by 48 allergists and 160 patients treated with a concomitant AIT (SCIT 130, SLIT 30). AEs were reported in 58 (36.3 %) patients with concomitant AIT, and AEs considered related with the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet in 49 (30.6 %) and with concomitant AIT in 18 (11.3 %) patients. Treatment was discontinued due to ADRs in 12 (7.5 %) patients and severity of ADRs was assessed mild or moderate in 29 (18.1 %), and severe in 20 (12.5 %) patients. Most common reactions were localised at the application site of the SQ® grass SLIT-tablet as oral pruritus, throat irritation, oedema mouth and paraesthesia oral
Allergen extracts for immunotherapy: To mix or not to mix?; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is established as a curative treatment for allergic rhinitis, asthma, as well as insect venom allergy. AIT is based on the administration of natural allergen extracts via the subcutaneous or sublingual routes to reorient the immune system towards tolerogenic mechanisms. In this regard, since many patients are poly-allergic, mixtures of allergen extracts are often used with a potential risk to cause allergen degradation, thereby affecting treatment efficacy. Herein, we discuss the advantages and drawbacks of mixing homologous (i.e., related) or heterogeneous (i.e., unrelated) allergen extracts. We provide evidence for incompatibilities between mixes of grass pollen and house dust mite extracts containing bodies and feces, and summarize critical points to consider when mixing allergen extracts for AIT.
Sublingual allergen immunotherapy in HIV-positive patients; HIV infection is a relative contraindication for allergic immunotherapy (AIT). In the last decade, highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has improved the immune function and life expectancy in HIV-infected patients whose respiratory allergic incidence is similar to the general population. We evaluated the safety and clinical effectiveness of sublingual immunotherapy in a group of grass pollen-allergic HAART-treated HIV-positive patients. Thirteen patients received sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet (Oralair, Stallergenes) and symptomatic therapy and were compared with nine patients receiving symptomatic therapy alone. Clinical benefits were evaluated by the analysis of total combined score (TCS), sum of symptom-medication score, and a quality of life (QoL) questionnaire. HIV viral load and peripheral TCD4 lymphocytes were analyzed at the beginning and at the end of the study. Clinical efficacy data showed a significant improvement in SLIT-treated patients compared to controls (TCS: P = 0.0001
Distinct modulation of allergic T cell responses by subcutaneous vs. sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only curative treatment for type I allergy. It can be administered subcutaneously (SCIT) or sublingually (SLIT). The clinical efficacy of these two treatment modalities appears to be similar, but potential differences in the immunological mechanisms involved have not been fully explored. Objective: To compare changes in the allergen-specific T cell response induced by subcutaneous vs. sublingual administration of allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT). Methods: Grass pollen-allergic patients were randomized into groups receiving either SCIT injections or SLIT tablets or neither. PBMCs were tested for Timothy grass (TG)-specific cytokine production by ELISPOT after in vitro expansion with TG-peptide pools. Phenotypic characterization of cytokine-producing cells was performed by FACS. Results: In the SCIT group, decreased IL-5 production was observed starting 10 months after treatment commenced. At 24 months, T cell responses showed IL-5 levels significantly below the before-treatment baseline. No significant reduction of IL-5 was observed in the SLIT or untreated group. However, a significant transient increase in IL-10 production after 10 months of treatment compared to baseline was detected in both treatment groups. FACS analysis revealed that IL-10 production was associated with CD4+ T cells that also produced IFNγ and therefore may be associated with an IL-10-secreting type 1 cell phenotype. Conclusion and clinical relevance: The most dominant immunological changes on a cellular level were a decrease in IL-5 in the SCIT group and a significant, transient increase of IL-10 observed after 10 months of treatment in both treated groups. The distinct routes of AIT administration may induce different immunomodulatory mechanisms at the cellular level.
Timothy grass pollen therapeutic vaccine: Optimal dose for subcutaneous immunotherapy; Aims: To establish the optimal dose of Phleum pratense subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma. Materials & methods: One hundred and fifty-one patients were randomized to receive SCIT 0.25, 0.5, 1.0, 2.0 or 4.0 skin-prick test units (SPT) or placebo. The primary end point was the variation in the concentration of Phleum pratense extract needed to produce a positive nasal provocation test from baseline (V0) to final visit (FV). Results: After 17 weeks, a dose-dependent trend was apparent in the concentration of P. pratense extract needed to produce a positive nasal provocation response. Systemic adverse reactions occurred with 3.2% of administered doses. Grade III (n = 2) and IV (n = 2) events were observed only at the two highest doses. Conclusion: P. pratense depot SCIT showed signs of clinical and immunological efficacy by dose-dependently decreasing the allergen sensitization rate. Risk-benefit favored doses below 1.0 SPT units for confirmatory trials.
SQ grass sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet for disease-modifying treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergy immunotherapy is a treatment option for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). It is unique compared with pharmacotherapy in that it modifies the immunologic pathways that elicit an allergic response. The SQ Timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet is approved in North America and throughout Europe for the treatment of adults and children (≥5 years old) with grass pollen-induced ARC. Objective: The clinical evidence for the use of SQ grass SLIT-tablet as a disease-modifying treatment for grass pollen ARC is discussed in this review. Methods: The review included the suitability of SQ grass SLIT-tablet for patients with clinically relevant symptoms to multiple Pooideae grass species, single-season efficacy, safety, adherence, coseasonal initiation, and cost-effectiveness. The data from the long-term SQ grass SLIT-tablet clinical trial that evaluated a clinical effect 2 years after a continuous 3-year treatment period were presented in the context of regulatory criteria that define a clinically meaningful effect. Results: This trial demonstrated that the clinical effect of the SQ grass SLIT-tablet is maintained, which is also supported by the immunologic findings. Conclusion: Therefore, the SQ grass SLIT-tablet has an indication as a disease-modifying therapy in Europe, and a sustained effect is recognized in the United States.
The clinical effect of vitamin D supplementation combined with grass-specific sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis; Background: An important issue in sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is how to improve efficacy. Objective: To compare the clinical efficacy of SLIT with vitamin D supplementation with placebo in children with allergic rhinitis. Secondary end points included lung function, exhaled nitric oxide concentration, methacholine bronchial provocation test, and serum level of calcifediol (25[OH]D). Methods: Fifty children, ages 5-12 years, sensitive to grass pollen, with allergic rhinitis (eight patients had concomitant asthma) participated in a 5-month prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Children received a 5-grass pollen sublingual 300 IR tablet with either vitamin D 1000 IU daily supplementation or placebo. Results: When compared with the placebo group, SLIT plus vitamin D group therapy was more effective in the reduction of nasal symptoms (p = 0.04), asthma symptoms (p = 0.001), and the combined symptom-medication score (p = 0.001)
Specific allergen immunotherapy for the treatment of atopic eczema; Background: Specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT) is a treatment that may improve disease severity in people with atopic eczema (AE) by inducing immune tolerance to the relevant allergen. A high quality systematic review has not previously assessed the efficacy and safety of this treatment. Objectives: To assess the effects of specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT), including subcutaneous, sublingual, intradermal, and oral routes, compared with placebo or a standard treatment in people with atopic eczema. Search methods: We searched the following databases up to July 2015: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in the Cochrane Library (Issue 7, 2015), MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), LILACS (from 1982), Web of Science™ (from 2005), the Global Resource of EczemA Trials (GREAT database), and five trials databases. We searched abstracts from recent European and North American allergy meetings and checked the references of included studies and review articles for further references to relevant trials. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of specific allergen immunotherapy that used standardised allergen extracts in people with AE. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction (including adverse effects), assessment of risk of bias, and analyses. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results: We identified 12 RCTs for inclusion in this review
An accelerated dose escalation with a grass pollen allergoid is safe and well-tolerated: A randomized open label phase II trial; Background: The number of injections in the dose escalation of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is small for some currently used hypoallergenic allergoids, but can still be inconvenient to patients and can impair compliance. The aim of this trial was to compare safety and tolerability of an accelerated to the conventional dose escalation scheme of a grass pollen allergoid. Methods: In an open label phase II trial, 122 patients were 1:1 randomized for SCIT using a grass pollen allergoid with an accelerated dose escalation comprising only 4 weekly injections (Group I) or a conventional dose escalation including 7 weekly injections (Group II). Safety determination included the occurrence of local and systemic adverse events. Tolerability was assessed by patients and physicians. Results: Treatment-related adverse events were observed in 22 (36.1 %) patients in Group I and 15 (24.6 %) in Group II. Local reactions were reported by 18 patients in Group I and 11 in Group II. Five Grade 1 systemic reactions (WAO classification) were observed in Group I and 2 in Group II. Grade 2 reactions occurred 3 times in Group I and 2 times in Group II. Tolerability was rated as "good" or "very good" by 53 (86.9 %) patients in Group I and 59 (100 %) in Group II by investigators. Forty-eight patients in Group I (80.0 %) and 54 in Group II (91.5 %) rated tolerability as "good" or "very good". Conclusions: The dose escalation of a grass pollen allergoid can be accelerated with safety and tolerability profiles comparable to the conventional dose escalation.
Pretreatment IgE sensitization patterns determine the molecular profile of the IgG4 response during updosing of subcutaneous immunotherapy with timothy grass pollen extract; Background Allergen immunotherapy is an effective treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Clinical efficacy is associated with improvement of basophil sensitivity and an increase in allergen-specific immunoglobulin concentration. Objective We sought to determine whether changes in allergen component-specific serum IgE and IgG4 levels during the updosing phase of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) are biomarkers of the immunologic changes that can lead to treatment efficacy. Methods Twenty-four subjects with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized 3:1 to receive SCIT (Alutard SQ) or to an open control group. IgE and IgG4 concentrations were determined for the major allergens Phl p 1 or Phl p 5 by using ImmunoCAP and for 8 grass pollen molecules by using Immuno Solid-phase Allergy Chip (ISAC) before treatment and after updosing. Results Levels of specific IgE against the dominant major allergens Phl p 1 and Phl p 5 increased from a mean of 23.0 to 48.8 kU/L (P =.01, n = 18) during the updosing phase in ImmunoCAP measurements but decreased from a median of 4.6 ISAC specific units (ISU) to 2.14 ISU (P <.0001, n = 102) when measured by using ISAC against 8 grass allergen components. The updosing phase induced a specific IgG4 level increase from a median of 0 ISU before treatment to 0.83 ISU after 12 weeks (P <.0001, n = 102) but only for allergen molecules to which pretreatment-specific IgE antibodies were detected (Spearman σ = 0.72, P <.0001, n = 102). Conclusion Pretreatment allergen component-specific IgE appears to determine the induction of IgG4 in the updosing phase. Induced IgG4 seems to suppress IgE levels on ISAC, resulting in a marked decrease in ISAC-measured specific IgE levels after updosing of SCIT. Thus this decrease in ISAC IgE levels can be used to monitor the blocking effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy-induced non-IgE antibodies.
Changes in markers associated with dendritic cells driving the differentiation of either TH2 cells or regulatory T cells correlate with clinical benefit during allergen immunotherapy; Background Regulatory dendritic cell (DC) markers, such as C1Q, are upregulated in PBMCs of patients with grass pollen allergy exhibiting clinical benefit during allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Objectives We sought to define markers differentially expressed in human monocyte-derived DCs differentiated toward a proallergic (DCs driving the differentiation of TH2 cells [DC2s]) phenotype and investigate whether changes in such markers in the blood correlate with AIT efficacy. Methods Transcriptomes and proteomes of monocyte-derived DCs polarized toward DCs driving the differentiation of TH1 cells (DC1s), DC2s, or DCs driving the differentiation of regulatory T cells (DCreg cells) profiles were compared by using genome-wide cDNA microarrays and label-free quantitative proteomics, respectively. Markers differentially regulated in DC2s and DCreg cells were assessed by means of quantitative PCR in PBMCs from 80 patients with grass pollen allergy before and after 2 or 4 months of sublingual AIT in parallel with rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores. Results We identified 20 and 26 new genes/proteins overexpressed in DC2s and DCreg cells, respectively. At an individual patient level, DC2-associated markers, such as CD141, GATA3, OX40 ligand, and receptor-interacting serine/threonine-protein kinase 4 (RIPK4), were downregulated after a 4-month sublingual AIT course concomitantly with an upregulation of DCreg cell-associated markers, including complement C1q subcomponent subunit A (C1QA), FcγRIIIA, ferritin light chain (FTL), and solute carrier organic anion transporter family member 2B1 (SLCO2B1), in the blood of clinical responders as opposed to nonresponders. Changes in such markers were better correlated with clinical benefit than alterations of allergen-specific CD4+ T-cell or IgG responses. Conclusions A combination of 5 markers predominantly expressed by blood DCs (ie, C1Q and CD141) or shared with lymphoid cells (ie, FcγRIIIA, GATA3, and RIPK4) reflecting changes in the balance of regulatory/proallergic responses in peripheral blood can be used as early as after 2 months to monitor the early onset of AIT efficacy.
Pre-seasonal, subcutaneous immunotherapy: A double-blinded, placebo-controlled study in elderly patients with an allergy to grass; Background There is limited evidence indicating that specific immunotherapy in elderly patients is safe and effective. Objective To evaluate the safety and efficacy of pre-seasonal specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) against grass pollen allergens in patients older than 65 years with seasonal allergic rhinitis and to measure the prime outcome of area under the curve for the combined symptoms and medication score during grass pollen season after 3 years of SCIT in a double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. Methods This study included 60 65- to 75-year-old patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis and grass pollen allergy. Patients were individually randomized to the active or placebo group. Thirty-three subjects in the SCIT group and 27 subjects in the placebo group were monitored for 3 years. Patients were required to record each use of anti-allergy medication. Results Thirty-one patients completed 3 years of pre-seasonal SCIT and 24 subjects finished placebo treatment. The median area under the curve for the combined symptoms and medication score after the third grass pollen season after SCIT was significantly decreased from 7.85 (range 3.67-8.98) to 4.63 (range 3.56-7.80) in the active group and did not significantly change in the placebo group. In the active group, the combined symptoms and medication score was decreased by 41%, the symptoms score was decreased by 55%, and the medication score was decreased by 64% after 3 years of immunotherapy. Conclusion Pre-seasonal SCIT in the elderly is safe and efficacious and elicits an immune response comparable to what is found in studies of younger patients.
A complication of eosinophilic esophagitis from sublingual immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) is an emerging treatment for sensitization to aeroallergens due to convenience and lesser risk of anaphylaxis. Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE) is described with food desensitization protocols in milk, egg and peanut, but only one case report associates EoE triggered by SLIT for pollen. METHODS: Esophagogastroduodenoscopy was performed with biopsies. RESULTS: 11-year-old male with history of allergic rhinitis due to sensitization to grass, trees and cats treated with grass SLIT for one-year presented with three-month history of burning epigastric pain. He has associated odynophagia and dysphagia without food triggers. He tried one month of esmoprazole twice daily and antacids without relief. An esophagogastroduodenoscopy revealing furrowing of the esophagus. Biopsies showed up to 35 eosinophils per high-powered field and superficial layering of eosinophils consistent with EoE. He was taken off SLIT with subsequent resolution of symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: In the literature, oral immunotherapy for milk, peanut and egg desensitization is described to trigger EoE. There is only one case report of EoE with SLIT drops when using birch, hazelnut and alder extract and no cases are reported as a complication of purely grass SLIT tablets. We hypothesize that consistent exposure of an allergen that is partly tolerated may trigger EoE, but the mechanism is unknown. As patients elect oral options over invasive subcutaneous immunotherapy, EoE should be considered as an adverse effect and be studied further in these circumstances. Treatment is removing the offending agent and consider swallowed steroid during the initial symptoms.
Evaluation of SQ-house dust mite sublingual immunotherapy tablet one-year after completion of a 24-week treatment period; RATIONALE: Long-termtreatment effects in patients with allergic rhinitis have been demonstrated for Timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-tablet)
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of intradermal grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis; RATIONALE: We previously reported that repeated intradermal injection of grass pollen (nanograms of allergen) almost completely suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late phase responses (JACI 2012 130(4):918- 24). Similar suppression of late responses is seen after high dose subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy. We therefore evaluated the efficacy of grass pollen intradermal immunotherapy (IDIT) for treatment of allergic rhinitis. METHODS: 93 adults with grass pollen allergic rhinitis were randomized to receive 7 pre-seasonal IDIT injections (7 ng of Phl p = major allergen) or histamine control at 2-weekly intervals. The primary end point was combined daily symptom/medication scores (CSMS) during 2013 pollen season. Skin biopsies were taken after the pollen season following intradermal allergen challenges. Cutaneous late responses were measured 4 and either 7, 10 or 13 months post-treatment. RESULTS: No difference in CSMS was observed between treatment arms. Paradoxically, amongst secondary endpoints, nasal symptoms measured with daily scores (P=0.03) and visual analog scales (P=0.05) were higher in the IDIT group. IDIT also increased serum Phl p-specific IgE (P=0.001) compared to the control arm. T cells cultured from skin biopsies of IDIT subjects showed higher and lower expression of surface markers for Th2 (P=0.04) and Th1 (P=0.01) cells, respectively, together with higher expression of IL-5 mRNA measured by microarray. Late responses to grass pollen were still inhibited 7 months after IDIT (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Although grass pollen IDIT suppressed skin late responses, it was not clinically effective but resulted in immunological priming and worsening of allergic rhinitis symptoms.
Oral allergy symptoms and pollen sensitization in tree nut allergic subjects receiving walnut oral immunotherapy (WOIT); RATIONALE: This study aims to correlate oropharyngeal symptoms and aeroallergen sensitization in multi-tree nut allergic subjects participating in a WOIT trial. METHODS: Nineteen subjects (14 randomized and 5 screen failures) underwent baseline placebo-controlled oral food challenges (OFCs) to walnut and a test tree nut
Randomised placebo-controlled trial of grass pollen allergen tablet immunotherapy for seasonal rhinitis: Clinical and surrogate outcomes and early time course of immunologic changes; RATIONALE: Sublingual grass pollen tablet immunotherapy (AIT) is effective and results in longterm clinical benefits. The early time course of systemic B and T cell responses has not been studied. METHODS: This single-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study (n=46) in moderate-severe hay fever compared daily AIT (Grazax®, ALK-Abello Horsholm, Denmark) with placebo tablets. Primary outcome was total nasal symptom score [TNSS, 0-60 min] after nasal allergen challenge (NAC). Mechanistic outcomes were assessed before and at 1, 2, 3, 4 and 12 months. Statistical analysis was by linear mixed models applied to longitudinal data. RESULTS: At 12 months AIT resulted in lower TNSS (p<0.0001, mean difference (MD) -1.54, 95% confidence intervals [-2.03/-1.04]) paralleled by higher peak nasal inspiratory flows (p<0.001, MD 33.61 [13.57/53.65]) compared to placebo. Intradermal allergen resulted in decreased early (MD -4.92 [-8.14/-1.71], p<0.004) and late (MD -21.96 [-31.68/-12.24], p<0.0001) cutaneous responses. Global seasonal symptoms (visual analogue scale [0-100mm]) were 38.7% decreased, (MD -10.39 [-18.68/- 2.10], p<0.015). At 4 weeks, peripheral blood mononuclear cell IL-10 (ELISA 6 day PBMC supernatants (MD 0.27 [0.05/0.48], p<0.015) and serum log sIgE kU/L (MD 0.45 [0.10/0.81], p<0.013) increased compared to placebo. There were delayed-in-time increases in log sIgG4(MD 0.23 [0.02/0.44], p<0.032) and decreases in plasma inhibitory activity for facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB) at 3 to 12 months (MD -61.36 [-76.94/-45.78], p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Sublingual AIT, compared to placebo, reduced allergen-induced nasal and cutaneous responses, improved seasonal symptoms and was accompanied by early increases in serum IgE, PBMC IL-10 and later progressive increases in 'blocking' IgG antibodies.
Comparison of skin test reactivity of sublingual immunotherapy tablets to commercial extracts; RATIONALE: To evaluate and compare skin test reactivity of sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT) based solutions to commercial grass and ragweed extracts (CE). METHODS: Sixteen subjects with allergic rhinitis consented to allergy skin testing with aqueous preparations of Grastek® and Ragwitek®
T-cell epitope optimization to maximize allergic donor responses; RATIONALE: Peptide T-cell epitopes have been considered as alternatives to allergen extracts in Allergy Immunotherapy (AIT). In order to design effective therapies, it is important to know the contribution of peptide length and sequence on T cell recognition. METHODS: We cultured PBMCs from grass allergic patients with Phl p extract and tested for cytokine production after restimulation with 15-mer peptide epitopes. We systematically lengthened these 15-mers to 20-mers and compared the cytokine responses they elicited as a function of the position of the 15-mer within the 20-mer and the composition of the added flanking residues which either matched the pollen sequence or were completely mismatched. RESULTS: We found that the lengthened 20-mers elicited higher responses in allergic patients than the 15-mers they were derived from, and that a greater number of allergic patients mounted significant responses to them. This effect was especially pronounced when the epitope was flanked on both sides by amino acids and therefore “protected”. We also found that lengthened peptides with mismatched flanking residues did not elicit as high responses as peptides that were sequence matched. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that longer peptides maximize allergic T-cell responses, by two effects: First, the flanking residues on either side of the epitope seem to protect it from proteolysis. Second, addition of residues that match the pollen sequence may generate additional epitope registers in the peptide thereby increasing the likelihood of MHC binding and T-cell recognition. These results can be utilized for choosing peptides to include in AIT.
Facilitated allergen binding (FAB) is a meaningful immunological biomarker for monitoring immediate clinical efficacy in short-term peptide allergen immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Short-term peptide-allergen-immunotherapy is a novel approach for treating allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. We investigated whether changes in mucosal reactivity to allergen exposure after this short-term therapy are detectable in the immunological parameters of sIgG4 and the functional blocking antibody response measured by facilitated allergen binding (FAB). METHODS: Data was collected from a DBPC dose-finding study in 198 patients who received placebo or a peptidase-hydrolysate of grass-pollen peptides at 5 visits over 4 weeks at cumulative doses of up to 370mg (EudraCT-No:2013-005445-37). Conjunctival allergen challenge was used as a surrogate marker of efficacy before and after immunotherapy. We have shown that this parameter has a predictive value for patients' symptoms and medication needs during the pollen season. Serum samples were taken to determine sIgG4 and FAB. RESULTS: Patients exhibiting diminished reactivity and tolerating an at least 10-fold higher concentration of the conjunctival challenge solution showed a significantly greater increase in FAB (20.01% ± 16.706) than patients who did not improve (p = 0.01)
Intralymphatic immunotherapy of pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: A double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy represents the only disease-modifying treatment for allergic diseases. We and others have previously demonstrated that intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT), a less time-consuming alternative to conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), is safe and effective. However, this has recently been disputed. The aim of this study was therefore to expand our previous trial, further assessing the safety and efficacy of ILIT. Methods: Thirty-six patients with pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis were randomised to receive three intralymphatic inguinal injections of active allergen (1000 SQ-U birch- or grass-pollen) or placebo. Clinical effects, safety and circulating immunological markers were assessed before, 4 weeks after treatment and at the end of the consecutive pollen season. Results: No moderate or severe reactions were recorded following ILIT. Patients receiving active ILIT experienced a significant improvement in self-recorded seasonal allergic symptoms, as compared to placebo (p = 0.05). In a subgroup of these patients ("improved"), a reduction in nasal symptoms following nasal allergen provocation was also demonstrated. No changes in total IgE or IgG4 were found. However, the affinity of allergen specific IgG4 following active treatment was significantly increased, as compared to non-improved patients (p = 0.04). This could be correlated with clinical improvement, on an individual level. Conclusions: This double-blinded placebo-controlled study confirms that ILIT is a safe and effective treatment for pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis, markedly reducing seasonal allergic symptoms. Trial registration: EudraCT: 2009-016815-39
The immune mechanisms of abscopal effect in radiation therapy; Radiation therapy (RT) is a cornerstone in oncologic management and is employed in various curative and palliative scenarios for local-regional control. RT is thought to locally control tumor cells by direct physical DNA damage or indirect insults from reactive oxygen species. Therapeutic effects apart from those observed at the treatment target, that is, abscopal effect, have been observed for several decades, though the underlying mechanisms regulating this phenomenon have been unclear. Accumulating evidence now suggests that the immune system is a major determinant in regulating the abscopal effect. It is now evident that RT may also enhance immunologic responses to tumors by creating an in situ vaccine by eliciting antigen release from dying tumor cells. Harnessing the specificity and dynamic nature of the immune system to target tumors in conjunction with RT is an emerging field with much promise. To optimize this approach, it is important to systematically evaluate the intricacies of the host immune system, the new generation of immunotherapeutics and the RT approach. Here we will discuss the current biologic mechanisms thought to regulate the RT-induced abscopal effect and how these may be translated to the clinical setting.
Persistence of treatment with 5-grass pollen tablets in patients with allergic rhinitis: A real-life study; Background In patients with allergic rhinitis, treatment adherence to allergen immunotherapy varies greatly in randomized and real-life studies. Objective To evaluate the use of a 5-grass pollen tablet as sublingual immunotherapy, its treatment persistence, and the reasons for discontinuation in a real-life clinical setting. Methods This multicenter, prospective, open-label, noncontrolled observational study evaluated the use of sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet in a cross-sectional population of patients (≥5 years old) with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis with or without asthma. The primary objective was to determine the percentage of patients persisting with treatment across 1 season in a pre-co-seasonal scheme. Secondary objectives included evaluation of reasons for treatment discontinuation, safety and adverse events
T Cell Epitope Peptide Therapy for Allergic Diseases; Careful selection of dominant T cell epitope peptides of major allergens that display degeneracy for binding to a wide array of MHC class II molecules allows induction of clinical and immunological tolerance to allergen in a refined treatment strategy. From the original concept of peptide-induced T cell anergy arising from in vitro studies, proof-of-concept murine models and flourishing human trials followed. Current randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials of mixtures of T cell-reactive short allergen peptides or long contiguous overlapping peptides are encouraging with intradermal administration into non-inflamed skin a preferred delivery. Definitive immunological mechanisms are yet to be resolved but specific anergy, Th2 cell deletion, immune deviation, and Treg induction seem implicated. Significant efficacy, particularly with short treatment courses, in a range of aeroallergen therapies (cat, house dust mite, grass pollen) with inconsequential non-systemic adverse events likely heralds a new class of therapeutic for allergy, Synthetic Peptide Immuno-Regulatory Epitopes (SPIRE).
Aeroallergens, atopy and allergic rhinitis in the Middle East; The literature on the nature and prevalence of indoor and/or outdoor aeroallergens, atopy and symptoms of rhinitis and asthma in the Middle East region (defined here as Bahrain, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Palestine, Qatar, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia - KSA, Syria, United Arab Emirates and Yemen) was reviewed. Although documentation was poor in all countries other than Iran and the KSA, a wide range of “global” and “local” aeroallergens (grass, weed and tree pollens, fungal spores, insect allergens, dander, and house dust mites) has been observed across the region. The prevalence of current self-reported or parent-reported symptoms of rhinitis ranged from 9% to 38%. Researchers have suggested that the high atopy rates and self-reported rhinitis rates are associated with an on-going shift towards a “western” lifestyle.
Induction of bronchial tolerance after 1 cycle of monophosphoryl-A-adjuvanted specific immunotherapy in children with grass pollen allergies; Purpose: Subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy (SCIT) is a well-established and clinically effective method to treat allergic diseases, such as rhinitis and asthma. It remains unclear how soon after initiation of an ultra-short course of grass pollen immunotherapy adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL)-specific bronchial tolerance can be induced. Methods: In a prospective study of 69 children double-sensitized to birch and grass pollens (51 males, average age 11.1 years), development of bronchial tolerance after 1 cycle of SCIT for grass was evaluated. In all the patients, the bronchial allergen provocation test (BAP) was performed before and after treatment. According to the results of the first BAP, the patients were divided into 2 groups: those showing a negative BAP with a decrease in FEV1 of <20% (seasonal allergic rhinitis [SAR] group, n=47)
Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) - Indications, mechanism, and efficacy: Position paper prepared by the section of immunotherapy, polish society of allergy; SLIT (sublingual immunotherapy,) induces allergen-specific immune tolerance by sublingual administration of a gradually increasing dose of an allergen. The mechanism of SLIT is comparable to those during SCIT (subcutaneous immunotherapy), with the exception of local oral dendritic cells, pre-programmed to elicit tolerance. In the SLIT dose, to achieve the same efficacy as in SCIT, it should be 50-100 times higher with better safety profile. The highest quality evidence supporting the efficacy of SLIT lasting 1-3 years has been provided by the large scale double-blind, placebo-controlled (DBPC) trials for grass pollen extracts, both in children and adults with allergic rhinitis. Current indications for SLIT are allergic rhinitis (and conjunctivitis) in both children and adults sensitized to pollen allergens (trees, grass, Parietaria), house dust mites (Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, Dermatophagoides farinae), cat fur, as well as mild to moderate controlled atopic asthma in children sensitized to house dust mites. There are positive findings for both asthma and new sensitization prevention. Severe adverse events, including anaphylaxis, are very rare, and no fatalities have been reported. Local adverse reactions develop in up to 70-80% of patients. Risk factors for SLIT adverse events have not been clearly identified. Risk factors of non-adherence to treatment might be dependent on the patient, disease treatment, physician-patient relationship, and variables in the health care system organization.
Epigram study: Terms of use and safety of Grazax® treatment in real-life settings obtained from a random sample of French clinicians who are qualified in allergy; Introduction The Epigram study was carried out in 2012 at the request of the Haute Autorité de Santé (French National Authority for Health) in order to evaluate the prescription, use and safety of Grazax® which is indicated in the management of allergic rhino-conjunctivitis (ARC) triggered by grass pollen in real-life settings. Method A non-interventional, observational, prospective, pharmacoepidemiological study involving patients (children and adults) enrolled at the time of their first Grazax® prescription and then followed until the end of the grass pollen season (GPS). Results Eighty-seven investigators (49 exclusively allergists and 38 specialists in other disciplines) enrolled 504 patients with an average age of 27 (± 14.4) years
Component-resolved diagnostics in vernal conjunctivitis; Purpose of review Conventional diagnostic tests in allergy are insufficient to clarify the cause of vernal conjunctivitis. Component-resolved diagnostic (CRD) by microarray allergen assay may be useful in detecting allergens that might be involved in the inflammatory process. Recent findings In a recent trial in patients suffered from eosinophilic esophagitis, after 2 years of the CRD-guided exclusion diet and specific immunotherapy, significant clinical improvement was observed, and 68% of patients were discharged (cure based on negative biopsy, no symptoms, and no medication intake). Our new objective was to evaluate IgE-mediated hypersensitivity by CRD in tears and serum from patients with vernal conjunctivitis and treat patients with identified triggering allergens by specific immunotherapy. Twenty-five patients with vernal conjunctivitis were evaluated. The identified triggering allergens were n Lol p 1 (11 cases), n Cyn d 1 (eight cases), group 4 and 6 grasses (six cases) and group 5 of grasses (five cases). Prick test and pollen IgE were positive in one case. Clinical improvement was observed in 13/25 vernal conjunctivitis patients after 1-year specific immunotherapy. Summary CRD seems to be a more sensitive diagnostic tool compared with prick test and IgE detection. Specific CRD-led immunotherapy may achieve clinical improvements in vernal conjunctivitis patients.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy in pediatric allergic asthma; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is the only curative way that can change the immunologic response to allergens and thus can modify the natural progression of allergic diseases. There are some important criteria which contributes significantly on efficacy of AIT, such as the allergen extract used for treatment, the dose and protocol, patient selection in addition to the severity and control of asthma. The initiation of AIT in allergic asthma should be considered in intermittent, mild and moderate cases which coexisting with other allergic diseases such as allergic rhinitis, and in case of unacceptable adverse effects of medications. Two important impact of AIT
Dosing of European sublingual immunotherapy maintenance solutions relative to monthly recommended dosing of subcutaneous immunotherapy; Background: Recently, a series of assays has been conducted in which sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) maintenance extracts of European manufacturers were compared with U.S. concentrated extracts by using U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommended in vitro testing. These test results have been published. We herein performed further data analysis to facilitate interpretation of SLIT dosing by U.S. physicians. Objective: To express the allergen quantity of maintenance SLIT as recommended by European manufacturers relative to U.S. subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) maintenance dosing. Methods: We analyzed the maintenance SLIT solutions of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, timothy grass pollen, cat, and ragweed pollen from four European manufacturers and concentrated extracts from three U.S. manufacturers and from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Here, we expressed the potency of these European SLIT solutions in U.S. terms and from there calculated the monthly maintenance dose relative to the recommended monthly SCIT doses per allergen. Results: Over the whole range of allergen extracts analyzed here, one of the manufacturers consistently dosed low ("EUR1," monthly SLIT dose 1-5 times the SCIT dose) and one of the manufacturers dosed high ("EUR4," monthly SLIT dose 16-237 times the SCIT dose). Discussion: For more than half of the products, SLIT was not "high dose" as has originally been recommended. When reviewing the low- and high-dose products with respect to efficacy in clinical trials included in a meta-analysis on SLIT, some low-dose extracts showed efficacy. Thus, apart from the allergen dose, it might very well be possible that other factors also play an important role in determining clinical efficacy in SLIT.
ITS Annual Scientific Meeting 2016; The proceedings contain 155 papers. The topics discussed include: toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3) L412F single nucleotide polymorphism as a causative factor in disease progression in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) during bacterial infection in TLR3-defective patients
Profiling of allergic asthma population at Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown (CHB) to identify suitable candidates for immunotherapy; Allergen specific immunotherapy is becoming an increasingly common form of treatment in those with allergic asthma. This study was a retrospective analysis of the population of allergic asthmatics over a five year period attending Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown (CHB) to identify any common demographic traits within this population and classify suitability for immunotherapy. Data was collected from 518 patients all of which were referred for allergy tests. Comprehensive pulmonary function tests (PFTs) were performed and used to confirm asthma diagnosis and severity. The ideal candidates that may avail of sublingual immunotherapy are those that are monosensitized (i.e. allergic to one allergen only) and ideally have mild asthma. Dust mite and grass pollen were the most common allergens identified in this study. Of the total population, 64 % had mild asthma whilst 28 and 9 % had moderate and severe asthma, respectively. Of 171 patients allergic to grass pollen, 14 % were monosensitized and 75 % of this population had mild asthma. Of 223 patients allergic to dust mite, 24 % were monosensitized and 63 % had mild asthma. Within this population, 75 % of those with grass pollen and 63 % of those with dust mite allergy monosensitizations could potentially avail of sublingual immunotherapy.
Choosing the optimal dose in sublingual immunotherapy: Rationale for the 300 index of reactivity dose; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is an effective and well-tolerated method of treating allergic respiratory diseases associated with seasonal and perennial allergens. In contrast to the subcutaneous route, SLIT requires a much greater amount of antigen to achieve a clinical effect. Many studies have shown that SLIT involves a dose-response relationship, and therefore it is important to use a proven clinically effective dose from the onset of treatment, because low doses are ineffective and very high doses may increase the risk of side effects. A well-defined standardization of allergen content is also crucial to ensure consistent quality, potency and appropriate immunomodulatory action of the SLIT product. Several methods of measuring antigenicity are used by manufacturers of SLIT products, including the index of reactivity (IR), standardized quality tablet unit, and bioequivalent allergy unit. A large body of evidence has established the 300 IR dose of SLIT as offering optimal efficacy and tolerability for allergic rhinitis due to grass and birch pollen and HDM, and HDM-induced moderate, persistent allergic asthma. The 300 IR dose also offers consistency of dosing across a variety of different allergens, and is associated with higher rates of adherence and patient satisfaction. Studies in patients with grass pollen allergies showed that the 300 IR dose has a rapid onset of action, is effective in both adults and children in the short term and, when administered pre-coseasonally in the long term, and maintains the clinical benefit, even after cessation of treatment. In patients with HDM-associated AR and/or asthma, the 300 IR dose also demonstrated significant improvements in symptoms and quality of life, and significantly decreased use of symptomatic medication. The 300 IR dose is well tolerated, with adverse events generally being of mild or moderate severity, declining in frequency and severity over time and in the subsequent courses. We discuss herein the most important factors that affect the selection of the optimal dose of SLIT with natural allergens, and review the rationale and evidence supporting the use of the 300 IR dose.
Protocol for a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of grass allergen immunotherapy tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis: Time course of nasal, cutaneous and immunological outcomes; Background: Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis is characterised by inflammation of the nasal mucosa upon exposure to common aeroallergens, affecting up to 20-25 % of the population. For those patients whose symptoms are not controlled by standard medical treatment, allergen specific immunotherapy is a therapeutic alternative. Although several studies have shown changes in immunologic responses as well as long term tolerance following treatment with a sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet, a detailed time course of the early mechanistic changes of local and systemic T and B cell responses and the effects on B cell repertoire in the nasal mucosa have not been fully examined. Methods/design: This is a randomized, double-blind, single-centre, placebo controlled, two arm time course study based in the United Kingdom comparing sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet (GRAZAX®, ALK-Abello Horsholm, Denmark) plus standard treatment with placebo plus standard treatment. Up to 50 moderate to severe grass pollen allergic participants will be enrolled to ensure randomisation of at least 44. Further, we shall enrol 20 non-atopic volunteers. Screening will be completed before eligible atopic participants are randomised to one of the two treatment arms in a 1 to 1 ratio. The primary endpoint will be the total nasal symptom score assessed over 60 min following grass pollen nasal allergen challenge after 12 months of treatment. Clinical assessments and/or mechanistic analyses on blood, nasal fluid, brushing and biopsies will be performed at baseline at 1, 2, 3, 4 (coinciding with the peak pollen season), 6 and 12 months of treatment. After 12 months of treatment, unblinding will take place. Those atopic participants receiving active treatment will continue therapy for another 12 months followed by a post treatment phase of 12 months. Assessments and collection of biologic samples from these participants will take place again at 24 and at 36 months from the start of treatment. The 20 healthy, non-atopic controls will undergo screening and one visit only coinciding with the 12 month visit for the atopic participants. Discussion: The trial will end in April 2017. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov and the trial identifying number is NCT02005627. Trial registration: Primary Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov, Trial Identifying number: NCT02005627, Secondary identifying numbers: EudraCT number: 2013-003732-72 REC: 13/EM/0351, Imperial College London (Sponsor): 13IC0847, Protocol Version 6.0, Date: 16.05.2014
Timothy specific IgE levels are associated with efficacy and safety of timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet; Background Regional pollen allergen exposure differences may induce variable sensitization profiles that could affect allergen immunotherapy efficacy and safety. Objective To describe sensitization profiles against timothy grass allergen components (Phl p) in North American subjects screened for a timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet trial and evaluate grass SLIT tablet efficacy and safety based on pretreatment Phl p IgE levels. Methods Serum-specific IgE was measured post hoc by ImmunoCAP ISAC from subjects screened (N = 1,905) for study P08067 (NCT01385371) conducted in Canada and 5 US regions. Subjects exhibited positivity for timothy grass by skin prick testing and serum IgE. Average total combined symptom plus medication score during the entire pollen season and treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were determined in randomized subjects (n = 1,140) by pretreatment Phl p IgE levels (group 1, ≤33rd percentile
Pediatric investigation plans for specific immunotherapy: Questionable contributions to childhood health; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only disease-modifying treatment for children, adolescents, and adults with allergic diseases. The EU has a combined system of national and EU-wide marketing authorization for all medicines. Germany introduced a new therapy allergen ordinance in 2008. Allergen products manufacturers had to apply for marketing authorization application for the major allergen groups (grass group, birch group, mites group, bee/wasp venom). Due to the EU pediatric regulation, in force since 2007, manufacturers had also to submit a pediatric investigation plan (PIP) for each allergen product. We investigated the allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) standard PIP, developed jointly by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the German Paul Ehrlich Institut (PEI). We analyzed the 118 EMA PIP decisions, looked for SIT trials in children in www.clinicaltrials.gov, and further analyzed EMA/EU justifications. The PIPs request a 1-year dose-finding study in adults, a 5-year placebo-controlled (PC) efficacy & safety (E&S) study in adults, and a 5-year PC E&S study in children. Fifty-eight PIP development programs will have to be performed until 2031. But children benefit even more from SIT for ARC than adults. There is no convincing medical/scientific justification for PC E&S studies in children in the relevant EMA documents. The PIP requirement to withhold effective treatment to thousands of children in the placebo group over a 5-year period raises profound concerns. The EMA justifications are formalistic and lack scientific foundation. A critical academic review of the ARC PIPs and the entire PIP system is urgently needed.
Allergen immunotherapy in pregnancy; Background: Allergic diseases such as asthma and allergic rhinitis constitute asignificant burden of disease among women of childbearing age and those who arepregnant. Adequately managing these conditions is paramount in reducing negativefetal outcomes as well as maternal complications during pregnancy. However, thepotential for harm to both the mother and fetus demands carefully balancing efficacyand safety of treatment. Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has emerged as a relativelysafe and efficacious mode of therapy in both children and adults. AIT has also beenconsidered for use during pregnancy. Methods: A review of the literature wasconducted for data regarding the safety of initiation and continuation of AIT duringpregnancy as well as the effect of AIT on the development of atopy in offspring. MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library were searched for clinical trials, randomizedcontrol trials, observational studies and journal articles in English using the terms " Pregnancy " and " Immunotherapy " from 1900 to present. This yielded 4 studies(totaling 422 pregnancies receiving AIT) investigating the continuation of AIT inpregnancy, 2 (totaling 31 pregnancies receiving AIT) evaluating AIT initiation duringpregnancy and 5 observing the effect of AIT on atopy in offspring. Results: No significant difference was found in the incidence of prematurity,hypertension (HTN)/proteinuria, congenital malformations or perinatal deaths betweenthe women continued on AIT (both subcutaneous (SC) IT and sublingual (SL) IT toinhalant allergens as well as venom IT) during pregnancy and controls. Similarly, therewas no significant difference in maternal or fetal complications between pregnantwomen initiated on AIT and controls. Among the few pregnant women (10/453pregnancies) who experienced generalized reactions while receiving AIT, none werefound to have fetal complications. Neither SCIT nor SLIT during pregnancy altered therisk of developing atopic disease in offspring. Conclusions: Based on these data, the continuation of AIT during pregnancyappears safe. Furthermore, the few data available suggest that the initiation of AITduring pregnancy might also be safe, however, more data is required for a definitiveconclusion. Lastly, available studies do not show a convincing reduction in thedevelopment of atopy in offspring from the administration of AIT during pregnancy.
Critical appraisal of Timothy grass pollen extract GRAZAX® in the management of allergic rhinitis; Allergic rhinitis is one of the most common diseases of adult and pediatric age, associated with grass pollen (GP) allergy in >50% cases, with a consistent impact on quality of life of affected patients. A grass allergen tablet, containing standardized extract derived from Timothy grass (Phleum pratense) pollen and ∼15 μg major allergen P. pratense (rPhl p 5), may be the future of allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) for GP allergy. The aim of this review was to critically evaluate the role of Timothy GP extract IT for the management of allergic rhinitis. For this purpose, we have tried to analyze potential mechanisms of action at the basis of Timothy GP extract, we have reviewed efficacy studies to establish potential benefits and clinical response, and we have also evaluated safety and tolerability profiles and patient focus perspective, such as quality of life, satisfaction and acceptability, and compliance to this IT.
SPIREs: A new horizon for allergic disease treatment?; Allergic diseases are common and specific immunotherapy provides a therapeutic approach. Specific immunotherapy has its limits, as whole allergen extracts are used. These may contain proteins that patients might not be sensitized to. A required long-term treatment (3-5 years) might activate a potential risk of IgE-mediated severe allergic reactions. A new promising therapeutic approach is to apply short synthetic T-cell peptides. Such synthetic peptides consist of immunoregulatory epitopes (SPIREs) that are 13-17 amino acids in length. Recent clinical data, derived from chamber studies, suggest a clinical efficacy with a good tolerability of SPIREs.
Biomarkers for antigen immunotherapy in allergy and type 1 diabetes; Allergy and type 1 diabetes are immune mediated diseases that, despite being etiologically distinct, each have inappropriate activation and effector function of antigen-specific T cells in the pathogenic process. Understanding changes in the frequency and phenotype of these cells is critical to improve assessment of disease diagnosis and prognosis and effectively assess immunological response to therapy. In the setting of antigen-specific therapy in allergy and type 1 diabetes, assays to monitor the immunological mechanisms of disease have been improving in recent years, and we are getting closer to an accurate understanding of how the cellular immune response is modulated during treatment. In this review, we summarize the current state of cell-based immune monitoring of antigen therapy trials. We then discuss emerging advances in antigen-specific biomarkers that are transforming our knowledge about allergy and that have the potential to dramatically impact our understanding of T cell-mediated autoimmune diseases, such as type 1 diabetes.
Safety of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis in concomitant asthma; Seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) occurs predominantly as a result of grass pollen allergy. Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been proven effective in treating AR1. SLIT is currently licensed for use in AR with concomitant stable mild asthma. There is evidence that SLIT improves asthma control when primarily used to treat AR2. The aim was to assess the safety of SLIT in patients with severe seasonal allergic rhinitis who have co-existing stable mild asthma. The secondary aim was to determine whether asthma control improved post SLIT. There was no deterioration in asthma control after 6-36 months of SLIT. 27/30 (90%) patients’ asthma control remained stable or indeed improved (p<0.021). Of this 15 (50%) patients’ asthma improved. There was no statistically significant change in their asthma pharmacotherapy after SLIT (p=0.059). In conclusion, grass pollen SLIT is safe and can potentially treat dual allergic rhinitis- mild asthmatic patients.
Treatment effect of sublingual immunotherapy tablets and pharmacotherapies for seasonal allergic rhinitis: Analysis of clinical trials; Introduction: Data on the comparative treatment effect of allergen immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) are lacking, since no head-to-head trials have been conducted. Clinical trial data was analyzed to indirectly compare the treatment effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets with selected pharmacotherapy for SAR. Methods: Subjects with SAR scored symptoms once daily during entire pollen season (≈8-12 wks) in Timothy grass SLIT-tablet trials and peak season (≈2 wks) in ragweed SLIT-tablet trials. Subjects with SAR scored symptoms each AM and PM for the prior 12 hours over ≈2 wks in desloratadine (5 mg) and mometasone furoate nasal spray (MFNS
Modulation of antibody response after sublingual immunotherapy in respiratory allergic patients from Minsk, Belarus; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) using sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) offers the potential for a safer and more convenient alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy and may induce early and long-lasting clinical improvements based on immunologic changes. Methods: 60 adult patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and with or without asthma, ranging from 19 to 46 years old receiving SLIT (drop formulations) for 2 years with standardized allergen extracts (Sevapharma, Czech Republic) were studied. All provided informed consent. Group 1 included 30 patients with respiratory allergy (allergic rhinitis with asthma - 6 patients and without asthma - 24), receiving monotherapy with mixture of grasses I or Artemisia mix. Group 2 included 30 patients with respiratory allergy (allergic rhinitis with asthma - 9 patients and without asthma - 21), receiving combination therapy of mixture of grasses I or Artemisia mix and mixture of house dust mites or mixture of indoor molds. The control group included 30 healthy subjects. Inclusion criteria: history of allergic disease
Analysis of sensitization to Alternaria in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients from north-eastern Poland; The aim of this retrospective study was to evaluate the frequency of sensitization to outdoor mould, Alternaria in patients with symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR). The results of skin prick tests performed in patients referred to allergy clinic due to SAR between 2012 and 2015 were analyzed. Among 256 patients at least one positive skin prick test to grass mix, tree mix, weed mix, Alternaria or Cladosporium was demonstrated in 193 patients (75.4%). In the latter group sensitization to Alternaria and Cladosporium was demonstrated in 41 (21.2%) and 6 (3.1%) patients, respectively. Isolated sensitization to moulds was demonstrated in 3 (1.6%) of SAR patients. Interestingly, SAR patients allergic to moulds were younger than those in whom no sensitization to moulds could be demonstrated. Most frequently allergy to moulds was accompanied by allergy to grass or weeds. No association could be demonstrated between sensitization to any of the seasonal allergen group and sensitization to Alternaria or Cladosporium. Sensitization to Alternaria is frequent in SAR patients in north-eastern Poland. It is usually seen in SAR patients who are also sensitized to other seasonal allergens, most commonly grass pollen. Concomitant sensitization to seasonal allergens with overlapping pollination seasons may affect morbidity and therapy outcomes including allergen immunotherapy.
Optimum treatment strategies for polyallergic patients - Analysis of a large observational trial; Objectives: To document the effectiveness and safety of sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) with a five-grass pollen tablet (Oralair∗) and compare different treatment options in a broad, non-selected population of patients in a real-world clinical setting. Research design and methods: This was a 2 year, open, prospective, multicenter, single-arm, non-interventional study. Patients with a history of clinically relevant allergic symptoms caused by grass pollen, confirmed by skin prick testing, received treatment with the five-grass pollen tablet. Concomitant treatment with symptomatic medication and/or additional SLIT or subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) was permitted. Twelve-month data are presented here. Effectiveness was assessed comparing a combined rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) score derived from the severity of rhinitis and conjunctivitis symptoms under treatment with retrospective data of the previous year. Results: A total of 1408 patients participated in the study, of whom 434 were children/adolescents and 962 polyallergic. Compared with the grass pollen season preceding five-grass pollen tablet treatment, a statistically significant reduction of 49.9% was achieved in RC score for the total population (p50.001), and an improvement in overall health was perceived by 90.9% of patients. The overall population of polyallergic patients derived similar benefits from treatment with the five-grass pollen tablet as monoallergic patients. The percentage reduction in RC score was larger in polyallergic patients taking no additional therapy (60.2%) than in those taking concomitant symptomatic medication (38.1%) or allergen immunotherapy (AIT) (50.8%). Within the last of these groups, RC score improved by 47.6% among patients receiving additional SCIT, versus 54.8% with additional SLIT. Adverse drug reactions, reported in 15.3% of study participants, were mostly local in nature and mild or moderate in intensity. Conclusions: After 1 year of treatment, polyallergic patients responded similarly to the five-grass pollen tablet as monoallergic patients. For polyallergic patients in whom additional treatment was needed, a second SLIT may be more beneficial than a SCIT or symptomatic co-medication.
Position paper of the EAACI: Food allergy due to immunological cross-reactions with common inhalant allergens; In older children, adolescents, and adults, a substantial part of all IgE-mediated food allergies is caused by cross-reacting allergenic structures shared by inhalants and foods. IgE stimulated by a cross-reactive inhalant allergen can result in diverse patterns of allergic reactions to various foods. Local, mild, or severe systemic reactions may occur already after the first consumption of a food containing a cross-reactive allergen. In clinical practice, clinically relevant sensitizations are elucidated by skin prick testing or by the determination of specific IgE in vitro. Component-resolved diagnosis may help to reach a diagnosis and may predict the risk of a systemic reaction. Allergy needs to be confirmed in cases of unclear history by oral challenge tests. The therapeutic potential of allergen immunotherapy with inhalant allergens in pollen-related food allergy is not clear, and more placebo-controlled studies are needed. As we are facing an increasing incidence of pollen allergies, a shift in sensitization patterns and changes in nutritional habits, and the occurrence of new, so far unknown allergies due to cross-reactions are expected.
Anaphylaxis to oralair® sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet (Oralair
Nasal symptoms in an environmental challenge chamber (ECC) in a dose range finding trial using a timothy grass (Phleum pratense) pollen allergoid preparation; Background: We performed a doubleblind, randomized, placebo and active-controlled trial to investigate the dose-response relationship of a Phleum pratense allergoid preparation for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis +/- bronchial asthma. We now report in more detail the results obtained from an ECC. Method: Adult patients (N = 98) were randomized to 1 of 5 groups. Three groups received 9 preseasonal subcutaneous injections of the Phleum pratense allergoid in different doses: standard dose (10 000 TU/ mL
Pre-seasonal combined grass pollen immunotherapy and anti-IL-4: A randomised controlled trial; Background: Grass-Pollen immunotherapy is effective and only disease modifyingtreatment in hayfever and allergic asthma by induction of tolerance to allergen. The aim of this study was to evaluate the induction of sustained tolerance to allergen when anti IL-4 (VAK694) was combined with a suboptimal course of grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) using the allergen-induced late phase skin response (LPR) and exploratory immune monitoring as surrogate markers of therapeutic response. Methods: In this randomized, doubleblind, three-group parallel design trial 37 participants with seasonal allergic rhinitis received suboptimal grass pollen-specific immunotherapy (30.000 SQ) in combination with VAK694, suboptimal grass-pollen SCIT (30.000 SQ) plus placeboantibody or double placebo (placebo-SCIT & placebo-antibody) restricted to 13 weeks prior to the grass pollen season. The primary endpoint was the size of the LPR at 12 months. Exploratory endpoints included measures of the immuno-modulatory activity of treatment by IL-4 and IL-10 Fluorospots, FACS, IgE, IgG4 and facilitated antigen-binding. Results: Both active treatments arms led to a substantial and sustained reduction of the LPR with no additional suppression with the addition of VAK694. Treatment with VAK694 and suboptimal SCIT, compared to SCIT alone, led to a sustained reduction of allergen-specific IL-4 producing cells (P < 0.01). Both active treatment arms led to the induction of IL-4/IL-10 producing cells. Conclusion: Co-injection of allergen under the umbrella of anti-IL-4 in the up-dosing phase of allergen immunotherapy modulates Th2 responses in a long-lasting manner and may pave the way to rational vaccine design of allergen immunotherapy.
Dendritic cells promoting TH2 differentiation overexpress a specific miRNA linked to allergic rhinitis severity and allergen immunotherapy efficacy; Background: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs modulating the expression of one or several genes. MiRNAs contribute to the regulation of dendritic cell (DC) polarization, thereby influencing the balance of adaptive immune responses. Herein, we studied the expression of miRNAs in polarized DCs and analyzed whether expression of these miRNAs could be associated with allergic rhinitis severity and allergen immunotherapy (AIT) outcome. Methods: Using specific culture conditions, we differentiated immature human monocyte- derived DCs into DC1, DC2 and DCreg subsets (supporting the differentiation of TH1, TH2 or regulatory T cells, respectively). Profiling of miRNA expression was performed in these DC subpopulations by using microarrays. Levels of miRNAs specific for polarized DCs were then evaluated in a cohort of 56 patients with allergic rhinitis and 17 non-allergic controls, as well as in samples from 30 subjects treated with sublingual grass pollen tablets or placebo for 4 months. Transfection of miRNA mimics into DCs was used to set up functional assays. Results: We identified 13 miRNAs differentially regulated between immature DCs, DC1s, DC2s and DCregs. In particular, we identified a DC2-specific miRNA inducing the production of inflammatory cytokines when transfected into immature DCs. Surprisingly, however, expression of this miRNA was higher in the blood of subjects with mild symptoms when compared to patients with moderate to severe persistent allergic rhinitis. In line with this observation, the up-regulation of this DC2- specific miRNA was correlated with clinical improvement after 4 months of sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy. Conclusion: DC2s express a specific miRNA involved in controlling inflammatory cytokine production. The expression of this miRNA in the blood could potentially be used to monitor allergic rhinitis severity or clinical efficacy following allergen immunotherapy.
A comparison of allergic T cell response modulation induced by subcutaneous vs sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only curative treatment for type I allergy. It can be administered subcutaneously by injection (SCIT) or sublingually in the form of a tablet or drops (SLIT). Although the clinical efficacy of these two treatment modalities appears to be similar, limited information about potential differences or similarities in the immunological mechanisms involved in disease modulation of the two treatments is available. Method: We aimed to compare changes in the allergen-specific T cell response induced by subcutaneous vs sublingual administration of allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT). Twenty-four grass pollen allergic patients were randomized into groups receiving either SCIT injections, or SLIT tablets or placebo. Patients provided regular blood donations for 15-24 months. PBMCs were tested for TG peptide-specific cytokine production by ELISPOT after in vitro expansion. Phenotypic characterization of cytokine producing cells was performed by FACS analysis. Results: In the SCIT-treated group, decreased IL-5 production was observed starting 10 months after treatment was commenced. At 15 months into treatment, SCIT responses from cells obtained in grass pollen season show IL-5 levels return to baseline (before treatment). No significant reduction of IL-5 was observed in the SLIT or untreated group. However, a highly significant increase in IL-10 production after 10 months of treatment with both SCIT and SLIT compared to baseline was found, being particularly pronounced in the latter. FACS analysis revealed that IL-10 production is associated with CD4+ T cells, that also produce IFNg and therefore may be associated with an IL-10-secreting regulatory type 1 cell phenotype. No significant changes were detected in the placebo group. Conclusion: Two distinct routes of AIT administration may possibly employ different immune-modulatory mechanisms at the cellular level, which may be highly relevant for monitoring of the therapeutic progress in individual patients.
Changes in regulatory/pro-allergic dendritic cell (DCreg/DC2) ratios in peripheral blood predict the clinical efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: C1Q and Stabilin-1, two regulatory DC (DCreg) markers, are overexpressed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of grass pollen allergic patients exhibiting clinical benefit during allergen immunotherapy (AIT). In the present study, we defined new markers specific for human monocyte-derived DCs (MoDCs) differentiated toward either type 2 (pro-allergic) DCs (DC2) or DCregs and investigated whether changes in such markers in the blood relate to AIT efficacy. Methods: Immature MoDCs were treated with either lipopolysaccharide (LPS) from E. coli, a cocktail of pro-DC2 molecules or dexamethasone to induce DC1, DC2 or DCreg differentiation, respectively. Cytokine production by either polarized MoDCs or allogeneic CD4+ T cells co-cultured with such DCs was analyzed by cytokine quantification assays. Transcriptomes and proteomes of polarized MoDCs were compared by using genome-wide cDNA microarrays and label-free mass spectrometry, respectively. Results: We defined culture conditions using pro-allergic molecules including histamine, IL-25, IL-33 and TSLP to induce DC2 cells promoting the differentiation of naive CD4+ T cells into IL-5- and IL-13- secreting Th2 cells. These DC2 cells secrete IL-6, IL-8 and IL-13, but not IL-12p70 nor IFN-γ. We identified 20 and 27 genes/ proteins specific for DC2 and DCreg subsets, respectively. Specific markers for DC2 and DCreg subsets were assessed by quantitative PCR (qPCR) in PBMCs from 80 grass pollen allergic patients before and after 2 or 4 months of sublingual AIT. The expression of DC2 markers such as CD141, GATA3, OX40L and RIPK4, was decreased in the course of 4-month sublingual AIT, concomitantly with an increase in DCreg markers including C1QA, FccRIIIA, FTL and SLCO2B1, in PBMCs from clinical responders but not nonresponders. Conclusion: A combination of markers reflecting changes of the DCreg/DC2 balance in peripheral blood can be used to predict the early onset of AIT efficacy.
House dust mite sublingual immunotherapy for respiratory allergies in clinical practice (the ACTIVE study); Background: House dust mites (HDM) are the most prevalent inhaled allergen wolrdwide impacting the patient's quality of life. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a treatment option for HDM allergy. Method: ACTIVE is a large observational, prospective study conducted in France and designed to describe (i) the clinical profiles of patients initiating HDM SLIT and (ii) SLIT's impact on allergic symptoms during the first year of treatment. Results: Eight hundred and fifteen HDM allergic patients (children and adolescents: 45%
The C1Q regulatory dendritic cell marker is a potent inhibitor of allergic inflammation; Background: Besides its well-known role in complement activation, C1Q was recently identified as a regulatory dendritic cell (DCreg) marker. Specifically, the increased expression of C1Q in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from grass pollen allergic patients correlates with clinical improvement following allergen immunotherapy (AIT). Herein, we investigated the role and mode of action of C1Q in downregulating allergic inflammation. Methods: Ovalbumine (OVA) or birch pollen (BP) sensitized BALB/c mice received an intraperitoneal administration of C1Q before each of four aerosol allergen challenges. As controls, OVA or BP-sensitized mice received either PBS, dexamethasone (DEX) or heat-denatured C1Q. Airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR), inflammatory cell (i.e. eosinophils and type 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC2s)) infiltrates in bronchoalveolar lavages (BALs), as well as Th2/ Treg responses in the lungs were assessed to evaluate the efficacy of C1Q therapy. In selected experiments, mice were treated by a monoclonal antibody depleting plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDCs) before allergen challenge. The impact of C1Q was also assessed in vitro on inflammatory cytokine production by serum free cultured human DCs including monocyte-derived DCs (MoDCs), myeloid DCs (mDCs) as well as plasmacytoid DCs. Results: C1Q but not its heat-denatured form was as efficient as DEX to treat OVA-or BP-induced allergic asthma in mice, with a dramatic reduction in both AHR, eosinophil and ILC2 infiltrates in BALs as well as Th2 cytokine production (i.e. IL5 and IL13) by specific Th2 cells in the lungs. Despite this strong anti-Th2 activity, C1Q had no impact on levels of OVA-specific seric IgEs nor on frequencies of IL10/Foxp3+ regulatory T cells in the lungs. Interestingly, depletion of pDCs in OVA sensitized mice abolished the capacity of C1Q to reduce AHR and eosinophil infiltration in BALs, demonstrating that pDCs are critically involved in the anti-inflammatory activity of C1Q. In vitro experiments in human models confirmed that C1Q significantly dampens pDC activation, whereas it has no impact on mDCs or MoDCs maturation. Conclusion: We report on a strong inhibitory activity of C1Q against allergic inflammation, which involves pDCs. These findings esthablish that the C1Q molecule induced in regulatory DCs during AIT can mediate a direct anti-inflammatory activity independently of the induction of regulatory T cell responses.
Evolution of the IgE response to house dust mite allergen molecules in childhood; Background: We have recently shown that the IgE response to grass pollens in early childhood involves progressively a growing number of molecules (“molecular spreading”). We aimed this study to investigate the development of the IgE response to house dust mite allergen molecules in childhood. Method: We examined the sera of 820 children participating in the German Multicentre Allergy Study, a birth cohort born in 1990. Blood samples were collected at 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 10, 13 and 20 years of age. Sera with IgE antibodies to an extract of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (≥0.35 kU/L) were further tested for the presence of IgE to Der p 1, Der p 2, Der p 4, Der p 5, Der p 7, Der p 10, Der p 11, Der p 14, Der p 15, Der p 18, Der p 21, Der p 23, Clone 16 in the context of the MeDALL chip. The propensity to become sensitised to many molecules has been expressed with a “Spreading Factor” (SF), defined as the number of new molecules obtained/year. Results: Over 150 children had IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus at least once up to 13 years of age. The molecules most frequently recognized by IgE (i.e. at least at one time point in over 50% of the mite-sensitised children) were Der p 2, followed by Der p 1 and Der p 23. Among mite-sensitised children, an elevated heterogeneity in the development of IgE response to individual allergenic molecules was observed. A minority of mite-sensitised children responded to only one molecule for the whole observation period, while many others underwent a weak or strong process of “molecular spreading”, especially in the first decade of life. so that the “spreading factor” varied from 0 to >4 in the examined population. Conclusion: The evolution of the IgE response against mites is extremely heterogeneous, and the molecular spreading phenomenon can be observed in most, but not all mite sensitised children. The heterogeneity of molecular sensitization profiles in mite allergic children may partially explain the heterogeneity in their response to allergen immunotherapy. This hypothesis deserves to be tested in clinical trials.
The number of FceRI receptors on basophils decreases during subcutaneous immunotherapy; Background: Allergen specific immunotherapy is the only disease modifying treatment of allergic diseases. It induces complex cellular and humoral changes leading to an inhibition of type-1 allergic reactions. Method: Twenty four young grass pollen allergic adults suffering from seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis were randomized to receive standard subcutaneous immunotherapy (n = 18) or to an open control group (n = 6). The number of FceRI receptors on basophils was measured by quantitative analysis of indirect immunofluorescence by flow cytometry. Grass binding to basophils was measured by staining with grass-conjugated fluorescent dye and analyzed by flow cytometry. Basophil sensitivity was determined by the EC50, the logarithm of the allergen concentration leading to half-maximum basophil activation. Results: The number of FceRI receptors decreased from a median 105196 (95% CI: 81283-132038) to 30903 (95% CI: 11482- 85114)/basophil in the treatment group (n = 0.016), while it remained constant in the control group (pre: 102424
Immunological adequacy of the mix 5 grasses for polcalcin and profilin; Background: The molecular allergy diagnostic technique allows the detection of single allergen molecules and improves the understanding of patients sensitization profiles. We investigated the presence of immunoreactive molecules in raw immunotherapy grasses extracts by means of an inhibition assay. Method: For the assay, sera were obtained from Italian patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis, requiring antihistamines and local corticosteroid treatment during the pollen season. In all cases sera were immunoreactive with all grasses molecules present on the microarray. Sera from each patients was preincubated with undiluted commercial extract of a mixture of P. pratense, Dactylis glomerata, Anthoxanthum odoratum, Lolium perenne, and Poa pratensis, prior to assaying grasses molecules-reactivity in the ImmunoCAP- ISAC platform. The pollen extract was from Stallergénes SA (Antony, France). After incubation, sera were tested for IgE binding inhibition to Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 4, Phl p 5, Phl p 6, Phl p 7, Phl p 11, and Phl p 12, using the ImmunoCAPISAC 112 microarray. Results: The 5-grass-pollen mixture extract totally inhibited the IgE binding of genuine molecules from P. pratense (Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 4, Phl p 5, Phl p 6, Phl p 11), and also of polcalcin (Phl p 7) and profilin (Phl p 12). Conclusion: This inhibition experiment can be considered as an indirect proof that 5- grass-pollen extract contains all genuine and panallergen molecules thus far available for molecular allergy diagnosis, indicating its usefulness in grass pollen specific immunotherapy by working on all kind of grass molecule reactivities.
The prevalence of environmental and food sensitization in patients with eosinophilic esophagitis; Background: Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the esophagus histopathologically characterized by eosinophilic infiltration into the squamous epithelium and clinically results in symptoms of esophageal dysfunction. The pathogenesis of EoE is poorly understood. EoE has been associated with food allergy, allergic rhinitis, and asthma. The use of allergy testing to identify foods that may be contributing to EoE is controversial, especially in adults. We present data relating to EoE experience in tertiary allergy clinics in four Canadian cities. Method: We conducted a retrospective chart review from multiple private allergy clinics in Montreal, Ottawa, Quebec City, and Toronto, Canada for patients diagnosed with EoE. Demographics (age, sex), atopic history (food and environmental allergy), skin prick tests (SPT), specific IgE antibody testing, and treatment data were collected and reviewed. Results: A total of 190 patients (male:female ratio of 2:1, P -value< 0.01
A double-blind, placebo-controlled study of allergen immunotherapy with depigmented-polymerised Phleum pratense pollen extract in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, a placebo-based analysis; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is a disease-modifying treatment for allergic diseases. Our objective was to evaluate efficacy and safety of a depigmented-polymerized Phleum pratense pollen extract in the treatment of rhinoconjunctivitis with of without seasonal asthma of grass-pollen sensitized patients. Method: A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 153 Phleum pratense pollen allergic adults with a median age of 33 years was performed in Spain and Hungary. SCIT consisted of four increasing doses at 7-day intervals, then maintenance injections every 4 weeks for 23 months. Although wWe have previously reported the primary outcome, we now present a placebo-based analysis as proposed and published by other authors. Combined symptom and medication score (SMS), symptom score (SS) and medication score (MS)) during two pollen seasons were calculated including all days for which the mean SS of the Placebo group was >2. Results: No differences in gender or grass pollen specific IgE (15.5 kU/l vs 13.4 kU/l) between groups and there was a similar distribution of asthma at baseline, around 30% in both groups. For both seasons, the differences between the treatment groups were statistically significant (SMS median
Allergic reactions during the maintenance dose of allergen immunotherapy: Risk factors related to pollen extracts; Background: Although rare, allergic reactions during Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) may happen
Safety and efficacy of 3-injection immunotherapy protocol for treating grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis in American adolescents/young adults; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy by three, ultrasound-guided, lymph node injections [intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT)] given before pollen season has shown safety and efficacy in adult, European trials. We hypothesized that ILIT for adolescents/young adults with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis could be done safely and effectively using extract commercially available in the United States. Method: We recruited 15 adolescents/ young adults with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis for a randomized, double- blind, placebo-controlled pilot trial of ILIT with Center-Al Phleum pretense 500 PNU/ml (ALK). Three patients with mild, intermittent asthma were included. The sum of safety scores for each injection (based on examination for erythema, edema, pruritus, or other adverse reaction) gave a total safety score (TSS) for each participant. Efficacy was evaluated by symptom/medication diaries. The combined symptom + medication score (total combined score = TCS) was recorded by participants daily in online diaries during summer grass pollen season. Results: Extract (0.1, 0.2 and 0.5 ml) was administered into a right, inguinal lymph node with a 1.5 inch, 25 gauge needle, by ultrasound-guidance at three visits, each at least 4 weeks apart. Treatment dose was 50 PNU for the first injection followed by 100 PNU and 250 PNU for second and third injections, respectively. Participants were monitored for 2 h post-injections. All participants completed 100% of injections. There was no difference in TSS between active treatment and placebo groups (P = 0.779). Mean TSS for the two groups were 0.6 and 0.4 (maximum score 9). Though median TCS of 12.1 (placebo) and 9.3 (active treatment) were not significantly different between, the effect size was 0.83. Conclusion: Intralymphatic immunotherapy with commercially available extract was a well-tolerated and acceptable therapy in American adolescents/young adults. Safety scores were remarkably low overall. During peak grass pollen season, participants receiving active ILIT treatment had different total combined allergy symptom and medication use scores than those on placebo, and the effect size suggests this difference is more likely to be clinically relevant.
Safety and quality of ultrasound-guided intralymphatic allergen specific immunotherapy; Background: Delivery of allergen specific immune therapy (AIT) is the only causal treatment of allergy. The treatment regime is time consuming and expensive. A new way to administer AIT is direct ultrasound- guided delivery of allergen into a lymph node (ILIT). This reduces treatment duration from 3 years to 2 months. It is very important that allergen is delivered precisely into the lymph nodes. We investigate the clinical effects and immunological changes in a double-blinded randomized placebo controlled trial that is still ongoing. We here report on quality of ultrasound- guided injections and the number of adverse effect. Method: We treated 36 patients with grass allergy with ultrasound-guided intralymphatic injections with ALK phleum pratense. They were randomized to either three allergen injections (24 patients) or three placebo injections (12 patients). We recorded adverse events 1 h after each injection and at a visit 1 week later. We graded the quality of the ultrasoundguided injection with a 5-point scale in video recordings of the injection. Results: 79% of the injections had a good quality with a score at 4-5. There was an increase in the quality of injection with operator experience. The success was 69% for the first injection, 75% for the second, and 94% for the third. Of the 108 injections, 12 patients had adverse event. One patient had a mild acute allergic reaction. Seven patients had a localized reaction with redness, edema, and itching. Four patients had mild late reaction with headache and muscle tenderness. Conclusion: Intralymphatic ultrasoundguided delivery of AIT is a safe treatment. Quality of injections improves with experience of the operator.
Patient preferences in allergy immunotherapy (AIT) in Germany-findings of a discrete choice experiment for patients indicated for AIT; Background: Allergy immunotherapy (AIT) can be administrated by subcutaneous injections at the physician's office or as sublingual drops/tablets at patients home. Both administration routes also differ in side-effects and co-payments. Aim of this study was to identify patient's preferences for different characteristics of both administration routes. Method: A discrete choice experiment (DCE) was used, which is an accepted tool for detection of patient preferences in the health care research. In a DCE product choices, characterized by different attribute levels (e.g. tablet or injection) are presented in pairwise product profiles and study participants have to decide for one of the options. Main inclusion criteria were: >18 years, fluent German, grass, birch and/ or house dust mite allergic rhinitis (AR), with moderate to severe symptoms, AIT naïve, indicated for any type of AIT. Participants completed a paper-based questionnaire. Attributes explored were administration form, number and duration of office visits, frequency of life threatening anaphylactic shocks, local side-effects, and co-payments each with two distinct different characteristics. Coefficients were calculated applying a conditional logit model using the maximum likelihood method, where the coefficient expresses the patients' preference vs. being neutral. Results: N = 239 participants were included with 1842 out of maximum 1912 choices (239 patients × 8 decisions) being incorporated in the model. All attributes preferences were significant with differences in the relative importance. Ranking in importance was: 1. Total number and duration of office visits: Fewer visits were preferred (coefficient -0.658
Strong T-cell stimulation and clearly reduced basophil activation reflect promising clinical results of a new Phleum pratense allergoid; Background: An essential prerequisite of allergoids is strongly reduced IgE reactivity combined with maintained T-cell reactivity and immunogenicity. A new developed allergoid based on Phleum pratense extract has been already successfully applied in initial clinical trials. To gain more insight into the mode of action of these allergoids, it was investigated whether cellular assays on a functional level support the clinical findings. Method: Functional IgE-reactivity was investigated by basophil activation test using CD203c as activation marker. T-cell reactivity was investigated with different Phleum pratense major allergen-specific Tcell lines (TCL) and clones (TCC). For antigen presentation, dendritic cells (DC) in comparison to autologous PBMC were used. Stimulation of the T-cells was performed with several Phleum pratense allergoid batches in comparison to the natural extract. The read out was proliferation measured after 'H-thymidine incorporation by the stimulated T-cells. Autologous DC were generated from monocytes and characterized by the presence of surface markers HLA-DR, CD11c, CD14, CD64, CD80, CD83, CD86, CD123 and CD209. Results: The Phleum allergoids showed a clear reduction of the basophil activating capacity. The level varied between 17-fold to complete loss of basophil activation with a median reduction in the range of 213 - 263-fold compared to the extracts. As expected, the allergoidization process does not lead to a loss of T-cell reactivity: All investigated TCL and TCC react with strong proliferation in response to the allergoid. For T-cell stimulations with the allergoids, DC are essential for antigen presentation. Allergen and allergoid did not lead to a different surface marker expression on pulsed mature DC. Conclusion: The allergoidization of natural Phleum pratense extract led to a preparation with strong hypoallergenic features demonstrated by reduced basophil activation. On the other hand, the modification process does not change the strong T-cell stimulating capacity in comparison to the natural extract shown with autologous DC for antigen presentation. These findings are in accordance with initial clinical results. Therefore, the new developed Phleum pratense allergoid possesses the essential requirements for an effective high-dose hypoallergenic preparation for allergenspecific immunotherapy to treat patients suffering from grass pollen allergy.
Multiple sublingual immunotherapies (SLIT) in polyallergic patients - real-life medical practice data; Background: Patients with respiratory allergies are often polyallergic, i.e. have symptoms due to more than one sensitization. While clinical trials have shown that these patients can effectively and safely be treated with SLIT, only few data have been published on simultaneous treatments with more than one allergen extract. Here we present data from two large non-interventional studies with special emphasis on simultaneous SLIT treatments in polyallergic patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis [RC]. Method: Two large prospective, open, noncontrolled, multicenter studies - one with a 5-grass pollen tablet (n = 1.482), the other one with a birch SLIT (n = 716) (Stallergenes, Antony, France) - were carried out over 2 years of real-life medical practice treatment. Outcome variables comprised changes in RC symptoms (RC score (scale: 0 - 6) = frequency of rhinitis + conjunctivitis symptoms (scale: 0-3 each)) and in symptomatic medication intake, an assessment of drug tolerability and the occurrence of adverse drug reactions [ADR]. Results: Seventy-seven polyallergic patients in the 5-grass pollen tablet study simultaneously received another SLIT (mainly tree pollen) [=grass+coSLIT], while 53 polyallergic patients in the birch study were treated with an additional 5-grass pollen tablet SLIT [=birch+coSLIT]. Overall, treatment was well tolerated in both groups: 11 (14.3%) of grass+coSLIT patients and 7 (13.2%) of birch+coSLIT patients experienced ADRs during the 2 study years. At the end of the second study year (Y2), tolerability was rated as “good” to “very good” by more than 97% of patients in both groups. The RC scores decreased from a mean value of 4.50 in the pollen season preceding SLIT (Y0) to 1.60 in Y2 (- 64%) in grass+coSLIT patients, and from 4.23 (Y0) to 1.90 (Y2) (-55%) in birch+co- SLIT patients. Likewise, the rate of patients needing symptomatic medications decreased from 85.7% (Y0) to 40.4% (Y2) in grass+co- SLIT patients, and from 83.0% (Y0) to 65.5% (Y2) in birch+coSLIT patients. These results for polyallergic patients treated with multiple SLIT are comparable with the results observed for monoallergic patients treated with a single SLIT. Conclusion: Our studies indicate that the concomitant application of another SLIT in polyallergic patients treated with the 5- grass pollen tablet or birch SLIT is safe, well tolerated, and does not impair therapy outcome.
Immunological mechanisms and therapeutic effects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in monosensitized and poly-sensitized respiratory allergy patients; Background: Allergen specific immunotherapy modulation of T-cells and cytokines was studied in SLIT after two years of treatment. Methods: Sixty adult patients 19 to 46 years old were studied with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis +/- asthma, having + skin prick tests and specific IgE (>/= class 3) who received SLIT (drop formulation) for two years (Sevapharma, Czech republic). Group 1- 30 patients having allergic rhinitis with asthma (6 patients) or without asthma (24 patients) receiving monotherapy got grasses or Artemisia
Adrenaline auto injector experience of children receiving immunotherapy in a single centre; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has been shown to be an effective treatment for respiratory allergies and hymenoptera venom allergy. AIT aims development of immuntolerance by administering increasing amounts of specific allergens. Administering these allergens may lead to development of hypersensitivity reactions. Self-injectable epinephrine is an important life-saving treatment in patients with anaphylaxis associated with AIT. Method: A questionnaire consisting of questions about adrenaline auto-injector (AAI) experience in AIT patients was applied to parents of these patients. Demographics and clinical features, AAI availability and requirement, family education and knowledge of AAI were questioned. Results: Fully completed surveys from 54 patients (66.7% male
Persistence of the 5-grass pollen tablet in patients with allergic rhinitis: A real-life study; Background Patient compliance to allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is usually high in clinical studies. The explanation might be that patients receive more attention in clinical trials whereas in daily practice is less time to explain a treatment like AIT and adherence is lower. An important cause for patients to discontinue a medical treatment is the occurrence of adverse events (AEs) and the lack of persistence. As AIT studies show that the majority of AEs occur during the first days to weeks of treatment, discontinuation of therapy might be relatively high during that period. Here we present the patient's persistence to 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet. Method: Patients (≥5 years) suffering from AR, with or without asthma, induced by grass pollen were selected for this prospective, open, non-controlled, multicenter, observational study. After inclusion (V0) patients visited their physician at the day of first intake of the 5-grass pollen tablet, around 4 months before the season (V2), 1 month later (V3) and at the end of the season (V4). The primary outcome was the persistence at V3 and V4. Secondary outcomes included the reasons for discontinuation, inventory of the AE reported and effectiveness of the treatment. Results: Patients (n = 196) enrolled had a mean age of 30 years, 64% (n = 30) were polysensitized and had mild to moderate asthma induced by grass pollen in 32% (n = 62). Most of physicians participating in this study were ENT, 63% (n = 30). On average patients were treated for 7 months with the 5-grass pollen tablet. At V3 and V4, 85% and 70% of patients respectively were persistent and 80% reported they would continue treatment next season. Patients discontinued treatment predominantly due to known side effects (mouth or tongue oedema, throat irritation). There was no difference between age groups. Most patients reported an improvement of symptoms. Conclusion: This real-life study showed that majority of patients suffering from AR with or without mild to moderate asthma and treated pre-coseasonally by a 5-grass pollen tablet remain on treatment after the first pollen season and were willing to continue next season.
Hydrolyzed Lolium perenne peptide fragments administered subcutaneously to hay fever patients induce allergenspecific IgG4 and blocking antibodies after two or more weeks of treatment; Background: A novel peptide immunotherapy approach for the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis comprises a peptidase hydrolysate obtained from all Lolium perenne allergens (gpASIT+™, Biotech Tools.SA). gpASIT+™ consists of highly purified peptide fragments from natural source. Method: In a prospective, double blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center phase IIb dose-finding study, we evaluated the immunogenicity of three peptide regimens in 198 hay fever patients randomized to receive either placebo or cumulative doses of 70, 170 or 370 μg. The four groups were injected subcutaneously once weekly with the peptide mix or matched placebo, reaching their cumulative doses within 2, 3 or 4 weeks, respectively. Grass pollen-specific IgG, IgG4 and IgE levels were measured by ImmunoCAP system. Functional blocking antibody responses were evaluated by facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB) assay. Results: Compared to baseline grass-pollen specific IgG levels were increased by 17.1, 52.6 and 99.6% (P < 0.05) in the 70, 170, and 370 μg peptide groups, whilst placebo patients demonstrated a decline of 4.1%. Similarly, Levels of specific IgG4 increased by 57.0%, 218.5% and 288.2% (P < 0.05) in the 70, 170, and 370 μg groups compared to a 5.1% decrease on placebo. These results were paralleled by modest increases in specific IgE levels 12.3, 72.6 and 48.9%, respectively compared to a 9.1% decrease in placebo group. All changes in treated groups are significantly different from the changes observed in placebo group with P < 0.001. Serum inhibitory activity for IgE-FAB was decreased in the 70 μg (20%), 170 μg (23%), and 370 μg (32%) (P < 0.001) group after 2, 3 or 4 weeks of treatment whereas no change was observed in the placebo-treated group (0.4% decrease, P > 0.05). There was significant association between sIgG4 and blocking antibodies (r = 0.435, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Subcutaneous Immunotherapy with a novel peptide hydrolysate of Lolium perenne grass pollen administered over 2- 4 weeks resulted in a dose-dependent increase in 'protective' specific antibodies as reflected by highly significant decreases in allergen-IgE-complex binding to B cells in the IgE-FAB assay.
Effect of pollen immunotherapy in asthmatic patients; Background: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in terms of Quality of Life (QoL) in patients with seasonal allergic asthma due to grass pollen. Method: A total of 107 patients (54 female, 53 male, age 14 to 56 years) with asthma due to grass pollen were included from 2010 to 2014. Grass pollen allergy was confirmed by clinical history, skin prick test and serum specific IgE. Asthma severity was assessed according to GINA guidelines. Patients received SCIT in a cluster schedule, up-dosing consisted in 3 injections over 2 weeks, and for continuation the maintenance injections were given once a month. QoL was evaluated in the first and third pollen seasons (May-June) after SCIT initiation through Mini Quality Asthma Life Questionnaire (MiniQALQ), using a 7 points scale (0 = no impairment, 7 = maximum impairment). Results: From the group 48.1% patients had intermittent asthma
The clinical and biological response to allergen-specific immunotherapy with basophil activation test (BAT) in the atopic diseases; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is an effective treatment and improves clinical symptoms of allergic asthma and rhinitis. Aim: To evaluate the response of basophilic activation in patients receiving subcoutaneous(SCIT) and sublingual(SLIT) immunotherapy. Methods: 28 patients (18M/10F
Adverse Events During Immunotherapy Against Grass Pollen-Induced Allergic Rhinitis - Differences Between Subcutaneous and Sublingual Treatment; Allergic rhinitis (AR) triggered by grass pollen is a common disease, affecting millions of people worldwide. Treatment consists of symptom-alleviating drugs, such as topical corticosteroids or antihistamines. Another option is potentially curative immunotherapy, currently available as sublingual and subcutaneous treatment. We investigated the potential differences in the prevalence and severity of adverse events related to subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) against grass pollen-induced AR. A thorough literature search was performed with PubMed and EMBASE. The findings were compared with the available summaries of product characteristics (SPC) and with commercial pharmacology databases (Micromedex). The majority of available safety data originate from registered products of standardized allergens. A surprisingly large percentage of drugs, especially those used in the United States, have no systematically collected safety data. No sufficiently powered randomized trials comparing sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) were available, but general safety assessments indicate that sublingual tablet treatment is safer than subcutaneous treatment. Not all commonly used immunotherapy drugs are officially registered, and not all have systematically collected safety data. This is especially true for older drugs used in the United States. In contrast, newer drugs that have undergone extensive clinical testing have better documentation, but unified collection of safety data is still lacking. Considering the evidence available, most drugs elicit similar side effects from the same organ systems, and symptoms from the sublingual drug classes are probably less severe. However, a head-to-head comparison of safety and efficacy is lacking.
Allergy immunotherapy prescribing trends for grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in Germany: A retrospective cohort analysis; Background: Allergy immunotherapy is an effective treatment for patients with allergic rhinitis whose symptoms are unresolved with pharmacotherapy. Allergy immunotherapy for grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis is available in three modalities: subcutaneous immunotherapy and sublingual immunotherapy as a tablet or drop. This study aimed to understand trends in allergy immunotherapy prescribing and practice patterns for grass allergies in adult and paediatric patients in Germany. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using IMS Disease Analyzer in Germany. Patients with an allergy immunotherapy prescription for grass pollen (Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical [ATC] classification code V01AA02) from September 2005 to December 2012 were included in the study. General Practitioners (GPs), dermatologists, Ear, Nose and Throat (ENT)-specialists, paediatricians and pneumologists were included as the allergy immunotherapy prescribing physicians in the study. Descriptive analyses were conducted on patient characteristics at index and prescribing physician specialty
Immunoregulatory T cell epitope peptides: The new frontier in allergy therapy; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has been practised since 1911 and remains the only therapy proven to modify the natural history of allergic diseases. Although efficacious in carefully selected individuals, the currently licensed whole allergen extracts retain the risk of IgE-mediated adverse events, including anaphylaxis and occasionally death. This together with the need for prolonged treatment regimens results in poor patient adherence. The central role of the T cell in orchestrating the immune response to allergen informs the choice of T cell targeted therapies for down-regulation of aberrant allergic responses. Carefully mapped short synthetic peptides that contain the dominant T cell epitopes of major allergens and bind to a diverse array of HLA class II alleles, can be delivered intradermally into non-inflamed skin to induce sustained clinical and immunological tolerance. The short peptides from allergenic proteins are unable to cross-link IgE and possess minimal inflammatory potential. Systematic progress has been made from in vitro human models of allergen T cell epitope-based peptide anergy in the early 1990s, through proof-of-concept murine allergy models and early human trials with longer peptides, to the current randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials with the potential new class of synthetic short immune-regulatory T cell epitope peptide therapies. Sustained efficacy with few adverse events is being reported for cat, house dust mite and grass pollen allergy after only a short course of treatment. Underlying immunological mechanisms remain to be fully delineated but anergy, deletion, immune deviation and Treg induction all seem contributory to successful outcomes, with changes in IgG4 apparently less important compared to conventional AIT. T cell epitope peptide therapy is promising a safe and effective new class of specific treatment for allergy, enabling wider application even for more severe allergic diseases.
Prolonged efficacy of the 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet up to 2 years after treatment cessation, as measured by a recommended daily combined score; Background: The 300IR (index of reactivity) 5-grass pollen tablet has favorable short-term and sustained clinical efficacy in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). Here, we report maintenance of efficacy and safety over 2 years following treatment discontinuation. Methods: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter Phase 3 trial in patients aged 18-50 years with ARC. During study years 1-3, patients received a daily sublingual tablet containing either 300IR 5-grass pollen extract or placebo, according to a discontinuous pre- and coseasonal protocol. Study years 4 and 5 were treatment-free. In response to health authorities' recommendations, the daily combined score (DCS) was assessed in a post-hoc analysis as the efficacy endpoint. Components of the DCS were daily rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (DRTSS) and daily rescue medication score (DRMS). Results: 633 patients with ARC were randomized to placebo (n = 219) or 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet, beginning 4 months (4 M, n = 207) or 2 months (2 M, n = 207) prior to the estimated start of the grass pollen season and continuing until season's end. During the first post-treatment year, a statistically significant difference versus placebo in least squares (LS) mean DCS was noted in patients previously receiving active treatment (300IR (2 M) point estimate: -0.16, 95% confidence interval (CI95%): [-0.26, -0.06], p = 0.0019
"the value of pre- and co-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy in pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis"; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a guidelines-approved, disease-modifying treatment option for respiratory allergies, including allergic rhinitis (AR) induced by pollen. The various AIT regimens employed to date in pollen-induced AR can be classified as continuous (i.e. year-round) or discontinuous (i.e. pre-seasonal alone, co-seasonal alone or pre- and co-seasonal). Pre-and co-seasonal regimens are typically used for sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) and have economic and compliance advantages over perennial (year-round) regimens. However, these advantages must not come at the expensive of poor efficacy or safety. The results of recent double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials show that pre- and co-seasonal SLIT is safe and effective in patients with AR induced by grass pollen (treated with a tablet formulation) or by birch pollen (treated with a liquid formulation). Progress in SLIT has been made in defining the optimal dose of major allergen, the administration frequency (daily), the duration of pre-seasonal treatment (four months) and the number of treatment seasons (at least three). Post-marketing, "real-life" trials of pre- and co-seasonal birch or grass pollen SLIT regimens have confirmed the efficacy and safety observed in the clinical trials. In the treatment of pollen-induced AR, pre- and co-seasonal SLIT regimens appear to be at least as effective and safe as perennial SLIT regimens, and are associated with lower costs and good compliance. Good compliance may mean that pre- and co-seasonal SLIT regimens are inherently more effective and safer than perennial SLIT regimens. When considering the pre- and co-seasonal discontinuous regimen in particular, a 300 IR five-grass-pollen formulation is the only SLIT tablet with a clinical development programme having provided evidence of short-term, sustained and post-treatment efficacy.
Safety and tolerability of 5-grass pollen tablet sublingual immunotherapy: Pooled analysis and clinical review; Introduction: The 5-grass pollen tablet (Oralair®, Stallergenes, Antony, France) is a once-daily preseasonal and coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) that is effective in controlling the symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and in reducing the need for symptomatic medication.Areas covered: The body of safety data gathered from the 5-grass pollen tablet clinical development program, post-approval studies, and more than 6 years of real-life experience demonstrates the safety and tolerability profile of the 5-grass pollen tablet across all age groups. Adverse events (AEs) are generally mild or moderate in severity, and rarely lead to treatment discontinuation. AEs also tend to decline in frequency and severity over time and with repeated treatment. The most frequent treatment-emergent AEs are local-site oropharyngeal reactions (e.g., oral pruritus, throat irritation, tongue pruritus, mouth edema, ear pruritus), which are consistent with the sublingual route of administration.Expert opinion: The first dose of the 5-grass pollen tablet should be administered under the supervision of an experienced physician, to allow for optimal monitoring and timely management of AEs, should they occur. The 5-grass pollen tablet can be administered at home after the first dose, and patients and carers should be educated on how to manage adverse reactions, unplanned treatment interruptions and situations in which SLIT should be withheld.
Allergic sensitisation in elderly patients with rhinitis; Background: Available data suggest that allergen sensitisation declines with age, causing physicians to often disregard the allergic component in the pathogenesis of respiratory conditions in the elderly. Atopy is rarely considered in the clinical assessment of the geriatric rhinitis patients, and these patients are infrequently referred for allergy evaluation. Methods: The study included patients older than 65 years with rhinitis and an age- and gender-matched control group. Skin prick tests (SPT) with inhalant allergens (house dust mites, Alternaria, trees pollen, grass pollen, ragweed and mugwort pollen, animal dander) were performed on all the subjects. Detailed medical history was obtained and a questionnaire inquiring about the severity of symptoms, medication, family history of atopy was administered. Results: A total of 71 patients with rhinits / rhinoconjuctivitis (mean age 69.8 years) were recruited, 11 of them also had asthma. Twenty nine patients (40.8%) had at least one positive SPT result, compared to only 10 subjects (14%) in the control group. The most common allergic sensitisation was found to be to house dust mites in both groups. In the rhinitis group, 13 patients were found to be polysensitised. Symptom scores revealed that 44 patients (61.9%) assessed their nasal symptoms as severe. Conclusions: Despite the immune modifications occurring in the old age, the prevalence of allergic sensitisation in geriatric patients with rhinitis is substantial. If properly evaluated, these patients, who often present with severe symptoms, can benefit from preventive measures such as allergen avoidance and even specific immunotherapy.
The relative clinical impact of sublingual immunotherapy with carbamylated monomeric allergoids on allergic respiratory symptoms; Background: To assess the cumulative and allergen-specific magnitude of effect, and its relative clinical impact, of sublingual allergy immunotherapy with carbamylated monomeric allergoids for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Carbamylated allergoids are hypoallergenic extracts with enhanced bioavailability, consequent to a partial resistance to enzymatic degradation, providing efficient dose-tuning. Methods: Literature was searched for double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trials administering this treatment, without any restrictions. Pooled analysis of the effects on total symptoms scores (TSSs) during the first season of treatment was performed and for each selected trial the relative clinical impact (RCI) was calculated as the percentage reduction in TSSs obtained with active treatment compared to placebo. The effect size (SMD), the overall and allergen-related RCI were used to estimate an indirect comparison with pharmacotherapy (based on summary data recently extracted from literature). Results: Eight studies (4 in grass, 2 in mites, 1 in pellitory, 1 in ragweed allergy) met inclusion criteria and were pooled, comparing overall 180 patients treated with active and 155 with placebo. The overall SMD for TSSs resulted [-0.99 (IC -1.41 to -0.57) p<0.001] with a significant interstudy heterogeneity (I2 = 68%). SMD for grass pollen tablets was [-0.58 (IC -0.89 to -0.27) p<0.001], for mite tablets was [-1.54 (IC -2.07 to -1.02) p<0.001]. The weighted mean RCI was overall -31.69%, for grass pollen tablets -32.14%, for mite tablets -24.27%. Conclusions: Indirectly compared to the relative clinical impact of standard pharmacotherapy (antihistamines RCI: -15.0%
Relative potency in SPT of solution and tablet SLIT allergen extracts of Timothy grass pollen from 2 European manufacturers compared to a US reference extract; Rationale: To compare the relative potency in skin tests of solution and tablet extracts of Timothy grass pollen (TIM) of 2 European manufacturers (ALK-Abelló, Stallergènes), with an FDA approved extract (REF) of 10,000BAU/mL. Methods: This is a prospective, multicenter, triple blinded, randomized study in which the in vivo extract potency was determined, based on the wheal size obtained in TIM allergic patients. The four tested TIM extracts were: Soluprick, Staloral 300IR, and Grazax and Oralair 300IR dissolved in 1mL 50% glycerin (under GMP standards). The SPTs were carried out in quadruplicate with the concentrate extracts and three serial half-log dilutions, and +/- controls. The study took place at study sites with different climatologic conditions. To determine if there exists a statistically significant difference between the relative potency of the TIM extracts a parallel line bioassay was carried out using the mean surface of the four wheals of the SPTs per extract and per concentration (Wilcoxon, Asymp. Sig.(2-tailed)). Based on the wheal sizes of the concentrate extracts in relation to the REF, BAU values were calculated. Results: Differences in wheal size between concentrate extracts reached statistical significance for all, except Soluprick-REF. The calculated BAU compared to the REF values for both solutions were between 11,300- 16,300BAU/mL and the tablets varied between 4200-7300 BAU. Conclusions: Based on SPT whealsizes grass-tablets seem to have a higher relative potency than the previously published value of 2800BAU (which was based on in vitro testing). There is a statistically significant difference (p=0.011) between the allergen concentration as measured in SPT of both tablets. Probably other factors apart from the precise allergen content of the tablets and their potency determine the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy.
Controlled Allergen Challenge Facilities and Their Unique Contributions to Allergic Rhinitis Research; The aim of this study is to review advances in basic and clinical allergic rhinitis (AR) research over the past decade that have been conducted using controlled allergen challenge facility (CACF) models of allergen challenge. Databases, including PubMed, Medline, and Web of Science were searched for articles employing an ambient pollen exposure in a controlled facility to study AR, published between 2004 and the present date, using the terms as follows: CACF, Environmental Exposure Unit (EEU), Vienna Challenge Chamber (VCC), Fraunhofer Institute Environmental Challenge Chamber, Atlanta Allergen Exposure Unit, Biogenics Research Chamber, Allergen BioCube, Chiba and Osaka Environmental Challenge Chamber, exposure unit, challenge chamber, or environmental exposure chamber. Articles were then selected for relevance to the goals of the present review, including important contributions toward clinical and/or basic science allergy research. CACFs offer sensitive, specific, and reproducible methodology for allergen challenge. They have been employed since the 1980s and offer distinct advantages over traditional in-season multicentre trials when evaluating new treatments for AR. They have provided clinically applicable efficacy and pharmacologic information about important allergy medications, including antihistamines, decongestants, antileukotrienes, immunotherapies, and nasal steroids. CACF models have also contributed to basic science and novel/experimental therapy research. To date, no direct studies have been conducted comparing outcomes from one CACF to another. Over the past decade, CACF models have played an essential role in investigating the pathophysiology of AR and evaluating new therapies. The future opportunities for this model continue to expand.
Effects of orally applied Fes p1-displaying L. plantarum WCFS1 on Fes p1 induced allergy in mice; Group I grass pollen allergens are major contributors to grass pollen-related seasonal allergic rhinitis, and as such a primary target for allergen specific immunotherapy. In this study the potential therapeutic role of oral application of Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1, directing cell wall attachment of the recombinant Fes p1 allergen, from Festuca pratensis was tested in a mouse model of Fes p1 allergy. For surface expression of Fes p1 allergen in L. plantarum WCFS1 pSIP system with inducible expression was used. Balb/c mice were sensitized with Fes p1 protein in alum and subsequently received live recombinant L. plantarum orally. Antibody levels (IgE, total IgG, IgG1, IgG2a, and IgA) were determined by ELISA. Differential eosinophil count in peripheral blood was performed. Reduced peripheral blood eosinophilia and increased serum IgG2A levels was detected in both groups which received live L. plantarum orally. Specific serum IgA levels were increased only in mice treated with the recombinant bacteria. Oral application of L. plantarum WCFS1 has a beneficial therapeutic effect in a mouse model of Fes p1 allergy. Cell surface expression of Fes p1 allergen potentiates this phenomenon in an allergen specific way.
A Phase i clinical trial with subcutaneous immunotherapy vaccine of Timothy grass pollen extract according to EMA guidelines; Aim: A double-blind placebo-controlled study was conducted according to EMA guidelines, to evaluate safety, tolerability and short-term treatment effects of three up-dosing regimens of Phleum pratense subcutaneous immunotherapy. Materials & methods: Forty-two patients were randomized to groups: A (6 weekly doses), B (8 weekly doses) or C (eight doses, two clustered increasing doses over 3 weeks). Results: The most frequent adverse events were local reactions. No serious adverse events were found. Higher number and more severe systemic reactions were reported in group C. A decrease in cutaneous responses and an increase of specific antibodies was shown in all active groups even at very short-term. Conclusion: Phleum pratense subcutaneous immunotherapy in depot presentation exhibited good safety and tolerability. Group A seemed to show the best profile.
Network Meta-analysis Shows Commercialized Subcutaneous and Sublingual Grass Products Have Comparable Efficacy; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) have been shown to effectively treat grass pollen allergies, although direct comparisons are sparse. Objective: To estimate the relative efficacy of SLIT tablets compared with SCIT and SLIT drops in commercially available products though network meta-analysis. Methods: A literature search of MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane Library publications. Randomized, double-blind clinical trials of SCIT, SLIT drops, and SLIT tablets for grass pollen were included. Bayesian network meta-analyses estimated the standardized mean difference (SMD) across 3 immunotherapy modalities on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication score data from publications or received from authors. Both fixed and random effects models were investigated. Results: Thirty-seven studies were included in meta-analyses for symptom scores and 31 studies for medication scores. In the random effects model, SCIT and SLIT tablets were significantly different from placebo for symptom scores: SMDs (95% CI) of-0.32 (-0.45 to-0.18) and-0.32 (-0.41 to-0.23), respectively. No significant difference was identified for SLIT drops compared with placebo (SMD,-0.17
Clinical considerations in the use of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) has been in practice for more than 100 years. However, research in novel routes and delivery methods of immunotherapy to treat allergic rhinitis (AR) and conjunctivitis has only recently occurred in the United States, where the predominant form of AIT provided is largely via a subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) route. AIT may prevent new sensitizations, improve symptoms, decrease medication usage, and prevent allergic asthma. Although AIT is the only potentially curative treatment for AR, access and adherence continue to be problematic. Only a fraction of eligible patients actually undergo treatment, and attrition rates are high. An obvious limitation of SCIT includes the requirement of regular injections to be provided in the physician's office due to the potential for anaphylaxis. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for home administration has been investigated as a potential alternative to address this limitation of SCIT. Methods: A literature review was performed including the current findings from randomized clinical trials and meta-analyses with a discussion of the most recent evidence for the efficacy, safety, and dosing of allergen SLIT. Results: The current data suggest that SLIT is effective for treatment of seasonal allergies, can potentially prevent asthma, and has a favorable safety profile. Head-to-head studies, however, are few, and comparative effectiveness still remains to be answered. Optimal treatment algorithms for SLIT have not yet been established, with wide variation in dosage selection and schedules. Similarly to SCIT, only a few allergens such as ragweed and grass pollen have been found to be effective in large clinical trials. Conclusion: Recent data indicate that SLIT is an effective treatment modality for seasonal AR, improve quality of life, and can potentially prevent asthma but head-to head studies comparing SLIT to SCIT are needed.
Level of asthma control in children after subcutaneous immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Asthma control (AC) is to which patient's symptoms are reduced by the treatment. Our objective was to investigate the level of AC after treatment with grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in children with seasonal allergic asthma. METHODS: 105 patients (45 female, 60 male, age 5 to 14 years) with asthma due to grass pollen were included from 2010 to 2014. Allergy was confirmed by clinical history, skin prick test and serum specific IgE. Asthma severity was assessed according to GINA guidelines Patients received SCIT in a cluster schedule. The level of AC was evaluated in the first and third pollen seasons after SCIT initiation through a questionnaire of symptoms, limitation of activities, night symptoms and use of rescue medication in the last 4 weeks. Asthma was then classified into well, partly controlled and uncontrolled. RESULTS: From the group 28.1 %patients had intermittent
The evaluation of efficacy and adverse effect in intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy against house dust mite, cat, and dog allergens in allergic rhinitis; RATIONALE: Recently, several clinical trials reported that intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) against some allergens including cat dander and birch or grass pollen induces tolerance faster than conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy with comparable duration of effect after only 3 injections, but without serious local or systemic reaction. However, the efficacy and safety of ILIT against various allergens in allergic rhinitis still remains to be investigated. We evaluated the efficacy and adverse effect in ILIT against house dust mite, cat, and dog allergens in allergic rhinitis. METHODS: A total of 10 patients with allergic rhinitis sensitized to Dermatophagoides farinae, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, cat, or dog allergen were treated with 3 intralymphatic inguinal injections of causal allergen extract (HollisterStier, New Orleans, USA). Rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) in daily life and rhinitis symptoms after exposure to causal allergen were evaluated before and four months after initial treatment. RESULTS: RQLQ in daily life was significantly improved after ILIT from 71.2 (range 50-105) to 52.3 (range 37-89) (P=0.042). Rhinitis symptom after exposure of causal allergen including rhinorrhea, sneezing, nasal obstruction, and nasal itching were also significantly reduced (P = 0.017, P=0.005, P=0.027, and P=0.041, respectively). We observed two cases of severe systemic reaction and one case of severe local reaction among three subjects. CONCLUSIONS: ILIT can rapidly improve rhinitis symptom in daily life and after allergen exposure, however ILIT can also provoke severe systemic or local hypersensitivity reaction.
A systematic analysis of pollen transcriptomes from plant allergens reveals conserved targets of immune responses; RATIONALE: We have recently identified a set of novel antigens in Timothy grass (TG) pollen using an unbiased, integrated transcriptomic and proteomic analysis, and have shown that these antigens are prominent targets of T-cell responses. Here we determined the degree of conservation of these epitopes across multiple plant species that could be targets of cross-reactive T-cells. This would make them potential candidates for panpollen immunotherapy approaches. METHODS: RNAwas extracted and sequenced from nine plant allergens (4-grass, 2-weed, and 3-tree pollens). Peptides from TG were examined for conservation across these pollens using sequence alignments, and conservation was correlated with immunogenicity. T-cell epitope cross-reactivity was determined by generating short term mono-specific T-cell lines and assessing their response across the panel of pollen extracts in IL-5 ELISPOT assays. RESULTS: We find that conservation of a peptide across pollens based on transcriptomic analysis correlates with the likelihood that it will elicit Th2 responses in allergic donors. Furthermore, If TG extract elicited high responses after culture with peptide, so did those extracts in which the peptide is conserved. Substitutions of 3 or more residues in the peptide greatly reduced the response. Thus, conserved peptides (with 2 or less substitutions) are capable of inducing cross-reactive T-cell immune responses. CONCLUSIONS: We have identified peptides that are significantly conserved across multiple plant allergen species and stimulate crossreactive T-cells. It is possible that inducing tolerance against these peptides may modulate the allergic immune response against a broad range of grass and pollen allergens.
Clinical outcome and tolerability of a 2-year sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with a 5-grass pollen tablet in polyallergic patients-real-life medical practice data; RATIONALE: Patients with respiratory allergies are often polyallergic, i.e. allergic to more than one allergen. Clinical trials have shown that these patients can effectively and safely be treated with AIT, however data from real-life medical practice remain scarce. METHODS: We performed a prospective, open, non-controlled, multicenter, observational study of 1482 patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) in Germany to assess the clinical outcome, safety and tolerability of a pre-/coseasonal AIT with a 5-grass pollen tablet over 2 treatment seasons. Here we report the results in polyallergic patients with or without concomitant AIT (either SLIT or SCIT). RESULTS: 1011 polyallergic patients participated. 76.8% received only the 5-grass pollen AIT (5w/o AIT), 23.2% were treated concomitantly with another AIT (5with AIT). For the ''with AIT'' patients, the RC score (scale 0-6
Sustained efficacy assessed by number needed to treat for timothy grass immunotherapy tablets in the treatment of allergic rhinitis with/without conjunctivitis up to 2 years after 3 years of treatment; RATIONALE: Number needed to treat (NNT) is a quantitative measure to assess relative treatment efficacy
Clinical and immunological assessment of efficacy specific sublingual immunotherapy in respiratory allergy patients; RATIONALE: This study assesses the clinical and immunological efficacy of specific sublingual immunotherapy in polysensitized respiratory allergy patients. METHODS: 60 patients with grass pollen and house dust mites-induced rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma underwent specific immunotherapy (Sevapharma, Czechrepublic) administered sublingually for two years. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) involved an updosing phase and maintenance phase with the maximum dose (10000 JSK, PNU
Pre-treatment level of specific grass ige is associated with efficacy and safety of a timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet; RATIONALE: Post-hoc efficacy and safety of Timothy grass (TG) sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-tablet) was evaluated in subjects with varying pre-treatment levels of specific TG IgEs. METHODS: Pre-treatment IgE levels against TG and its allergen components (Phl p) were determined by ImmunoCAP-ISAC for a subset of 1140 randomized North American subjects in a double-blind, placebo- controlled grass SLIT-tablet (2800 BAU
Safety of 3-injection immunotherapy protocol for treating grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis in adolescents/ young adults; RATIONALE: Allergen-specific immunotherapy by three, ultrasoundguided, lymph node injections [intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT)] given before pollen season has shown safety and efficacy in adult, European trials. We hypothesized that ILIT for adolescents/young adults with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis could be done safely using extract commercially available in the United States. METHODS: We recruited 15 adolescents/young adults with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis for a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled pilot trial of ILIT with Center-Al Phleum pretense 500 PNU/ ml (ALK). Three patients with mild, intermittent asthma were included. The sum of safety scores for each injection (based on examination for erythema, edema, pruritus, or other adverse reaction) gave a total safety score (TSS) for each participant. Spirometry and fractional exhaled nitric oxide measurements were performed at baseline, 12-weeks post-injection, and end of grass pollen season in participants with seasonal asthma. RESULTS: Extract (0.1 ml, 0.2 ml, 0.5 ml) was administered into a right, inguinal lymph node with a 1.5 inch, 25 gauge needle, by ultrasoundguidance at three visits, each at least four weeks apart. Treatment dose was 50 PNU for the first injection followed by 100 PNU and 250 PNU for second and third injections, respectively. Participants were monitored for two hours post-injections. All participants completed 100% of injections. There was no difference in TSS between active treatment and placebo groups (p=0.779). Blinded, mean TSS for the two groups were 0.6 and 0.4 (maximum score 9). CONCLUSIONS: Intralymphatic immunotherapy with commercially available extract was a well-tolerated and acceptable therapy in American adolescents/young adults. Safety scores were remarkably low overall.
House dust mite-specific sublingual immunotherapy prevents allergic inflammation development in mice; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a disease-modifiying treatment for respiratory allergies. Evidence regarding SLIT efficacy and its good safety profile has made it an attractable treatment option also for allergic asthma. The majority of studies have focused on grass pollens
Health economic comparison of SLIT allergen and SCIT allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal grass-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in Germany; Background: Allergoids are chemically modified allergen extracts administered to reduce allergenicity and to maintain immunogenicity. Oralair® (the 5-grass tablet) is a sublingual native grass allergen tablet for pre- and co-seasonal treatment. Based on a literature review, meta-analysis, and cost-effectiveness analysis the relative effects and costs of the 5-grass tablet versus a mix of subcutaneous allergoid compounds for grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were assessed. Methods: A Markov model with a time horizon of nine years was used to assess the costs and effects of three-year immunotherapy treatment. Relative efficacy expressed as standardized mean differences was estimated using an indirect comparison on symptom scores extracted from available clinical trials. The Rhinitis Symptom Utility Index (RSUI) was applied as a proxy to estimate utility values for symptom scores. Drug acquisition and other medical costs were derived from published sources as well as estimates for resource use, immunotherapy persistence, and occurrence of asthma. The analysis was executed from the German payer's perspective, which includes payments of the Statutory Health Insurance (SHI) and additional payments by insurants. Comprehensive deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses and different scenarios were performed to test the uncertainty concerning the incremental model outcomes. Results: The applied model predicted a cost-utility ratio of the 5-grass tablet versus a market mix of injectable allergoid products of 12,593 per QALY in the base case analysis. Predicted incremental costs and QALYs were 458 (95% confidence interval, CI: 220
Value of microarray allergen assay in the management of eosinophilic oesophagitis; Background: Eosinophilic oesophagitis (EoE) is a disorder characterised by oesophageal dysfunction and, histologically, by eosinophilic inflammation. Although treatment, which includes dilatations, oral corticosteroids and restrictive diets, is often effective, choosing the foods to be eliminated from the diet is difficult. Objective: Component resolved diagnostic by microarray allergen assay may be useful in detecting allergens that might be involved in the inflammatory process. Methods: We studied 67 patients with EoE, diagnosed clinically and histologically by endoscopic biopsy. CRD analysis with microarray technology was carried out in the 67 EoE patients, 50 patients with pollen allergy without digestive symptoms, and 50 healthy controls. Results: Allergies were not detected by microarray in only seven of the 67 patients with EoE. Controls with pollen allergy showed sensitisation to different groups of pollen proteins without significant differences. In EoE patients with response to some allergens, the predominant allergens were grasses group 1 and, in particular, nCyn d 1 (Cynodon dactylon) or Bermuda grass pollen in 59.5%, followed by lipid transfer proteins (LTP) of peach (19.40%), hazelnut (17.91%) and Artemisia (19.40%). Conclusions: In patients with EoE, sensitisation to plant foods and pollen is important. The proteins most frequently involved are nCyn d 1 and lipid transfer proteins, hazelnuts and walnuts. After one year of an array-guided exclusion diet and pollen-specific immunotherapy in the case of high levels of response, patients with EoE showed preliminary significant improvements.
Safety of sublingual immunotherapy Timothy grass tablet in subjects with allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis and history of asthma; Background Patients with asthma may be more susceptible to adverse events (AEs) with sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-tablet) treatment, such as severe systemic reactions and asthma-related events. Using data from eight trials of grass SLIT-tablet in subjects with allergic rhinitis with/without conjunctivitis (AR/C), AE frequencies were determined in adults and children with and without reported asthma. Methods Data from randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of Timothy grass SLIT-tablet MK-7243 (2800 BAU/75 000 SQ-T, Merck/ALK-Abellõ) were pooled for post hoc analyses. Subjects with uncontrolled and severe asthma were excluded from the trials. Frequencies for treatment-emergent AEs (TEAEs), local allergic swelling (mouth or throat), systemic allergic reactions, and asthma-related treatment-related AEs (TRAEs) were calculated. Results Among adults (n = 3314) and children (n = 881), 24% and 31%, respectively, had reported asthma. No serious local allergic swellings or serious systemic allergic reactions occurred in subjects with asthma treated with SLIT-tablet. There was no evidence of increased TEAEs, systemic allergic reactions, or severe local allergic swellings in adults or children with asthma treated with grass SLIT-tablet versus subjects without asthma in or outside of pollen season. There were 6/120 asthma-related TRAEs assessed as severe with grass SLIT-tablet and 2/60 with placebo, without a consistent trend among subjects with and without asthma (5 and 3 events, respectively). Conclusions In the AR/C subjects with reported well-controlled mild asthma included in these studies, grass SLIT-tablet did not increase TEAE frequency, severe local allergic swelling, or systemic allergic reactions versus subjects without asthma. There was no indication that treatment led to acute asthma worsening.
Specific IgE recognition of pollen allergens from subtropic grasses in patients from the subtropics; Background Pollens of subtropical grasses, Bahia (Paspalum notatum), Johnson (Sorghum halepense), and Bermuda (Cynodon dactylon), are common causes of respiratory allergies in subtropical regions worldwide. Objective To evaluate IgE cross-reactivity of grass pollen (GP) found in subtropical and temperate areas. Methods Case and control serum samples from 83 individuals from the subtropical region of Queensland were tested for IgE reactivity with GP extracts by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. A randomly sampled subset of 21 serum samples from patients with subtropical GP allergy were examined by ImmunoCAP and cross-inhibition assays. Results Fifty-four patients with allergic rhinitis and GP allergy had higher IgE reactivity with P notatum and C dactylon than with a mixture of 5 temperate GPs. For 90% of 21 GP allergic serum samples, P notatum, S halepense, or C dactylon specific IgE concentrations were higher than temperate GP specific IgE, and GP specific IgE had higher correlations of subtropical GP (r = 0.771-0.950) than temperate GP (r = 0.317-0.677). In most patients (71%-100%), IgE with P notatum, S halepense, or C dactylon GPs was inhibited better by subtropical GP than temperate GP. When the temperate GP mixture achieved 50% inhibition of IgE with subtropical GP, there was a 39- to 67-fold difference in concentrations giving 50% inhibition and significant differences in maximum inhibition for S halepense and P notatum GP relative to temperate GP. Conclusion Patients living in a subtropical region had species specific IgE recognition of subtropical GP. Most GP allergic patients in Queensland would benefit from allergen specific immunotherapy with a standardized content of subtropical GP allergens.
Basophil expression of diamine oxidase: A novel biomarker of allergen immunotherapy response; Background Immunotherapy inhibits basophil histamine release, but the assay is cumbersome, and no one has studied the effects of immunotherapy withdrawal. Objective Intracellular fluorochrome-labeled diamine oxidase (DAO) was used as a novel functional readout of basophil histamine release after immunotherapy. Results were compared with conventional basophil surface expression of activation markers. Methods Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT)-treated patients (n = 14), sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-treated patients (n = 12), participants who completed 3 years of treatment with grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (the SLIT-TOL group
Long-term efficacy of allergen specific immunotherapy in atopic dermatitis patients in relation to quality of life; Introduction. Atopic dermatitis (AD) is an inflammatory, chronically relapsing and highly pruritic skin disorder that considerably effects patients’ life. Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) is often applied in clinical research in order to evaluate the impact of AD on daily performance of patients. Aims. The aim of the study was to evaluate the long-term effect of allergen specific immunotherapy (ASIT) on the quality of life in AD patients. Materials and methods. 15 patients suffering from AD, allergic to house dust mites or grass pollen allergens, who were previously treated with ASIT participated in the study. Our treatment with allergy vaccinations was performed during the time period between 1995 and 2001. DLQI questionnaires have been filled by the patients before the treatment, after termination of ASIT and after 2 - 12 years of the observational period. Results. The statistical tests revealed a significant difference between the DLQI before ASIT was introduced and after termination of ASIT. Every answer except two (describing the influence of skin condition on preventing from working or studying and on sexual life) of these periods also disclosed statistically significant difference. As for the relation between the DLQI after ASIT and the actual one the tests revealed non significant difference, also regarding to every single answer of the questionnaire. Conclusions. In relation to improvement of quality of life in AD patients, this study confirms the effectiveness of ASIT and it discloses the persistence of its results in long-term aspect.
Efficacy of grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; IMPORTANCE: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SARC) have shown a modest clinical benefit compared with placebo. Furthermore, indirect comparison by meta-analyses showed that subcutaneous immunotherapy is more effective than SLIT. Despite these data, SLIT has become the most prescribed treatment of SARC in Europe in recent years, and it was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of SARC to grass pollen in the United States on April 1, 2014. OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of the grass pollen sublingual tablets licensed as drugs in the treatment of patients with SARC to grass pollen. DATA SOURCES: Computerized bibliographic searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials.gov (from inception to April 30, 2014) were supplemented with a manual search of reference lists. STUDY SELECTION: Randomized clinical trials were included if they compared the grass pollen SLIT tablets approved by regulatory authorities in the European Union and the United States for SARC with placebo. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Data on populations, interventions, and outcomes were extracted from each RCT according to the intent-to-treat method by 2 independent observers and were combined using the method by DerSimonian and Laird. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was the difference in the symptom score and medication score between SLIT and placebo. We pooled data using random-effects meta-analysis, with standardized mean differences (SMDs) and 95% CIs reported. RESULTS: Data were available in 13 RCTs for the symptom score (4659 patients) and in 12 RCTs for the medication score (4558 patients). We found a small treatment benefit in the symptom score (SMD, -0.28
Allergen immunotherapy: An update on protocols of administration; Purpose of review: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is still the only causal treatment for allergic rhinitis and asthma. However, conventional subcutaneous AIT administration schedules are time-consuming and safety issues still play a role
Patient selection for subcutaneous versus sublingual immunotherapy; Purpose of review: With the Food and Drug Administration's approval of sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (SL-AIT) tablets for grass and ragweed pollen, SL-AIT is progressively gathering importance not only in Europe, but also in the United States and other parts of the world. We reviewed issues related to the selection of patients for the sublingual or the subcutaneous route for allergic patients, based on what has been published since January 2014 on subcutaneous-versus-SL-AIT efficacy, safety and other issues. Recent findings: As patient's adherence seems one of the major problems in real-life AIT, investigators have sought how to enhance AIT simplicity by changing the route to home-administrated SL-AIT, and by shortening the subcutaneous-allergen-specific immunotherapy (SC-AIT) build-up or maintenance phase. The latter was safe with several hypoallergenic extracts. As for SL-AIT, double blind placebo-controlled large trials in patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma have shown the efficacy and safety of ragweed pollen and house dust mite SLIT tablets and highly concentrated liquid formulations, primarily in adults. A large trial with SLIT in 3-year-old children was effective. Summary: With the improvement of SL-AIT efficacy, the selection of SC-versus-SL-AIT will probably increasingly be based not on efficacy, but on practical aspects, without losing sight of which SL-AIT products have proven efficacy.
Allergen immunotherapy in pollen-induced allergic rhinitis; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT)has been used worldwide for over a century and is currently the only causative therapy for the treatment of respiratory allergie and insect venom allergy. Numerous randomized-controlled trials have demonstrated significant improvement in symptoms, medication use and quality of life with AIT in allergic rhinitis patiens. The various treatment regimens in pollen-induced allergic rhinitis can be classified as continuous (i.e. year-round) and discontinuous (i.e. presesonal alone or pre- and cosesonal). Pre- and cosesonal regimens (drops or tablets) are used for sublinqual allergen immunotherapy and have economic and compliance advantages over perennial regimens. The results of recent double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials and post-marketing "real life? trials of pre- and cosesonal AIT of birch or grass pollen allergy have confirmed the efficacy and safety observed in this kind of therapy.
The place of new grass pollen immunotherapy tablets for the management of patients with respiratory allergies in primary care; Introduction: Objectif: Méthode: Résultats: Conclusion: Introduction: New allergen immunotherapy (AIT) tablets are available to treat patients allergic to grass pollens. General practitioners (GPs) are at the forefront of the management of these common allergic diseases. Objective: The aim of the study was to determine the percentage of patients who could benefit from AIT tablets and to evaluate GPs' perception, practice and information regarding AIT. Methods: A questionnaire-based declarative electronic survey was conducted on 2000 GPs of Languedoc-Roussillon region from October to December 2014. Results: A total of 429 physicians answered the questionnaire. The response rate was 21.5%. Seventy percent of the GPs were treating 10 to 30% of their patients for respiratory allergies and less than 5% had already been treated by AIT. Most GPs (66%) stated that new treatments would be useful in more than 5% of these patients. While some of them had no opinion on AIT, the majority of GPs had a positive image of this treatment and considered it in accordance to the available recommendations. They provided a simple clinical follow-up with the help of the allergist, but 89% said they were not sufficiently informed about AIT. Conclusion: The new AIT treatments do not have an important place in general practice because they are less known and used by primary care physicians. Allergen immunotherapy raises the interest of GPs, who have a positive perception of this treatment. Updated information and training in association with allergists could make a difference in the management of allergic diseases.
Conjunctival Provocation Tests: A Predictive Factor for Patients' Seasonal Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis Symptoms; Background: No parameters currently exist that can reliably predict the impact of preseasonal immunotherapy on the symptoms occurring during the season. Objective: The purpose of our studies was to prove a correlation between preseasonal conjunctival allergen challenge and coseasonal primary clinical endpoints using the total combined score, ie, a combination of symptoms and medication score, as the primary outcome parameter. Methods: Twelve weeks before both the birch and the grass pollen seasons, 2 separate prospective, double-blind, randomized, controlled studies were conducted followed by posttrial observations for each study during the active season. In the studies, patients who reacted to conjunctival allergen challenge were treated with sublingual immunotherapy tablets that contain either birch and/or alder or grass pollen allergoids. Results: In all, 158 patients were included in the grass and 160 in the tree pollen study
New developments in allergen immunotherapy; Purpose of review Allergic rhinitis, conjunctivitis, and asthma impact quality of life and cost billions of dollars in lost wages, productivity, and medical expenditures. Allergen immunotherapy is the only therapy that alters the allergen immune response, resulting in fewer symptoms upon natural exposure. This review summarizes recent immunotherapy developments. Recent findings Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) remains a disease modifying treatment for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma with rare complications of therapy. Recent evidence suggests that SCIT may be effective in select cases of atopic dermatitis, particularly for patients with dust mite sensitivity. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets are now commercially available for grass and ragweed allergy and appear to have a superior safety profile to SCIT with similar long-term effectiveness, because as with SCIT, symptom improvement persists after the SLIT course is completed. SLIT tablets are administered daily at home (after initial supervised dosing) and may be used shortly before and during the target pollen seasons in a precoseasonal fashion (instead of perennial dosing). Research continues into experimental approaches using oral food allergen immunotherapy (OIT) to modify the natural history of food allergies. Although a proportion of patients in OIT trials experience sustained unresponsiveness, many do not and current recommendations limit the use of OIT to research protocols. Summary Patients have new well tolerated and effective options for more convenient treatment of asthma and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis associated with grass and ragweed allergy. SCIT remains effective for polysensitized patients and may be an option for some patients with atopic dermatitis. Research continues into novel food allergy treatments.
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: Where are we now?; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was introduced in the 1980s as a safer option to subcutaneous immunotherapy and in the latest decade achieved significant advances. Its efficacy in allergic rhinitis is supported by a number of meta-analyses. The development of SLIT preparations in tablets to fulfill the requirements of regulatory agencies for quality of allergen extracts made available optimal products for grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinitis. Preparations of other allergens based on the same production methods are currently in progress. A notable outcome of SLIT, that is shared with subcutaneous immunotherapy, is the evident cost-effectiveness, showing significant cost savings as early as 3 months from starting the treatment, that become as high as 80% compared with drug treatment in the ensuing years.
New strategies for allergen T cell epitope identification: Going beyond IgE; Background: Type I allergy and allergic asthma are common diseases in the developed world associated with IgE antibodies and Th2 cell reactivity. To date, the only causative treatment for allergic disease is specific immunotherapy (SIT). Method: Here, we review recent works from our laboratory focused on identifying human T cell epitopes associated with allergic disease and their potential use as biomarkers or therapeutic targets for SIT. In previous studies, we have mapped T cell epitopes associated with the major 10 timothy grass (Tg) allergens, defined on the basis of human IgE reactivity by ELISPOT. Results: Interestingly, in about 33% of allergic donors, no T cell epitopes from overlapping peptides spanning the entire sequences of these allergens were identified despite vigorous T cell responses to the Tg extract. Using a bioinformatic-proteomic approach, we identified a set of 93 novel Tg proteins, many of which were found to elicit IL-5 production in T cells from allergic donors despite lacking IgE reactivity. Next, we assessed T cell responses to the novel Tg proteins in donors who had been treated with subcutaneous SIT. A subset of these proteins showed a strong reduction of IL-5 responses in donors who had received subcutaneous SIT compared to allergic donors, which correlated with patients' self-reported improvement of allergic symptoms. Conclusion: A bioinformatic-proteomic approach has successfully identified additional Tg-derived T cell targets independent of IgE reactivity. This method can be applied to other allergies potentially leading to the discovery of promising therapeutic targets for allergen-specific immunotherapy.
Safety and efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy with pollen allergens in patients over 60 years of age; Introduction. Specific immunotherapy (SIT) in elderly patients remains controversial due to the lack of clinical studies in this group of patients. Aim. The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of SIT in patients over 60 with allergy to grass or tree pollens as compared to young subjects. Materials and methods. The study involved 116 patients, mean age 63.4±3.5, with allergic intermittent rhinitis who met the eligibility criteria for SIT to grass or trees. The control group consisted of 139 young patients, 19.3±5.3 years. All subjects underwent a three-year, perennial course of SIT by the use of Allergovit containing allergens of grasses or trees. The study evaluated the clinical symptoms as well as the use of rescue drugs during the pollen season. SIT-related adverse reactions were also monitored. Results. After a 3-year SIT course, a statistically significant reduction of nasal symptoms during the pollen season was noticed both in elderly and younger patients with allergy to grass pollen: a decrease from 3.156±0.122 to 1.251±0.333 score (p<0.05) and from 4.224±0.348 to 1.090±0.450 (p<0.05), respectively. A similar significant improvement was achieved in both groups after SIT to tree pollens, from 3.371±0.435 to 1.545±0.442 (p<0.05) in the elderly, and from 4.022±0.331 to 1.602±0.472 in the young subjects (p<0.05). A comparable reduction in the use of symptomatic drugs was also noticed in both groups. Among 5423 injections in the older group, only 348 (6.4%) local reactions and no systemic reactions were recorded. In the younger group, 459 (8.3%) local and 2 systemic adverse reactions were observed per total 5521 injections. Conclusions. In the elderly group, SIT seems to be as effective and safe as in the younger patients.
Immune Mechanisms of Sublingual Immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a well-established allergen-specific immunotherapy and a safe and effective strategy to reorient inappropriate immune responses in allergic patients. SLIT takes advantage of the tolerogenic environment of the oral mucosa to promote tolerance to the allergen. Several clinical studies have investigated the complex interplay of innate and adaptive immune responses that SLIT exploits. The oral immune system is composed of tolerogenic dendritic cells that, following uptake of allergen during SLIT, support the differentiation of T helper cell type 1 (Th1) and the induction of IL-10-producing regulatory T cells. Following SLIT, allergic disease-promoting T helper cell type 2 (Th2) responses shift to a Th1 inflammatory response, and IL-10 and transforming growth factor (TGF)-β production by regulatory T cells and tolerogenic dendritic cells suppress allergen-specific T cell responses. These immune changes occur both in the sublingual mucosa and in the periphery of a patient following SLIT. SLIT also promotes the synthesis of allergen-specific IgG and IgA antibodies that block allergen-IgE complex formation and binding to inflammatory cells, thus encouraging an anti-inflammatory environment. Several of these revealing findings have also paved the way for the identification of biomarkers of the clinical efficacy of SLIT. This review presents the emerging elucidation of the immune mechanisms mediated by SLIT.
Impact of allergen immunotherapy on symptom-free days and health care costs in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in Germany; Objectives: A health economic assessment was conducted to determine the relative impact of treatment with Oralair® or Grazax® on clinical effects and health care costs in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (AR) in Germany. Methods: The effects of three years of drug treatment on symptomfree days (SFDs) and associated costs were assessed using a health economic Markov model with a nine-year time horizon. The relative efficacy on SFDs was assessed through a network meta-analysis (i. e. indirect comparison) of 4-year, placebo-controlled, clinical trial data. Costs associated with drug treatment and other health care resources, including Statutory Health Insurance payments and patient co-payments, were calculated. The incremental costs and SFDs gained for Oralair® relative to Grazax® were generated accordingly. The uncertainty around the model outcomes was determined by means of sensitivity analyses. Results: The base case analysis over 9 years predicts a total of 206.6 discounted SFDs for Oralair®relative to 205.1 for Grazax®, thus resulting in 1.5 (95%CI: -25.0
Cost-effectiveness of subcutaneous immunothereapy in allergic rhinitis using one or more allergens-an analysis long overdue; Objectives: Allergic rhinitis - hay fever and mite hypersensitivity - is a prevalent and increasingly common condition, causing considerable morbidity and economic burden to society. A minority of patients have an indication for subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). SCIT using extracts of tree pollen, grass pollen and/or house dust mite is common practice in The Netherlands, Europe and beyond. SCIT is widely reimbursed, but very few prospective cost-effectiveness studies have been done. Methods: An open-label, 2-year, multicenter, randomized controlled trial with two parallel treatment arms was performed, comparing SCIT + usual care (UC) with UC alone, using online resource use and labor productivity questionnaires, and electronic versions of EQ-5D®, SF-36® and a global subjective assessment of symptoms (GA). Primary endpoints were the costs per QALY, costs per successfully treated patient and the cost per additional symptom-free day. A Generalized Estimation Equation (GEE) model was estimated with mean two-week health care/societal costs as dependent variable, followed by a 1000-iteration bootstrap procedure. Results: A total of 183 adult patients aged 18 to 45 years with persistent moderate to severe allergic rhinitis due to one (43%) or more (57%) allergies (93 SCIT+UC, 90 UC) were included. There were no significant differences at baseline. The percentage of patients that reported to be treated successfully was 36% in SCIT and 20% in UC after two years. Other health outcomes did not differ between SCIT and Usual Care. Two-year costs of SCIT were 2946 Euro per patient. There was no difference in other costs. Cost per additional successfully treated patient were about 15,000 Euro. For the other outcomes, SCIT was dominated by UC. Conclusions: This study could not support the cost-effectiveness of SCIT. A restriction in the indication of SCIT to patients with severe persistent rhinitis, not sufficiently responsive to maximum symptomatic therapy may improve cost-effectiveness.
Impact of allergen immunotherapy on quality of life and health care costs in adults and children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in Germany; Objectives: To determine the relative impact of treatment with Oralair®, Grazax®, Alutard® or symptomatic drug treatment (SDT) on clinical effects and health care costs in subgroups of adults and children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (AR) in Germany. The cost-effectiveness of Oralair® has been demonstrated in a mixed population in previous research. Methods: The effects of three years of drug treatment on quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) and associated costs were assessed using a Markov model with a nine-year time horizon. Symptom score data were extracted, and the relative efficacy on QALYs was assessed through a network metaanalysis (i. e. indirect comparison) of placebo-controlled, clinical trial data in adults and children. Patient symptom scores were translated into the impact on quality of life by means of published sources. Costs associated with drug treatment and other health care resources, including Statutory Health Insurance payments and patient co-payments, were estimated. The incremental costs and QALYs were generated accordingly. The uncertainty around the model outcomes was determined by means of sensitivity analyses. Results: In adults, the analysis predicted more QALYs for Oralair® relative to Grazax®, 0.008 (95%CI: -0.043
Systematic literature review assessing data on the burden of allergic rhinitis from a cost and quality of life perspective; Objectives: To assess published data on perennial allergic rhinitis/house dust mite allergic (PAR) patients and seasonal allergic rhinitis/grass pollen allergic (SAR) patients in order to establish the burden of allergic rhinitis (AR) and allergic asthma from both a quality of life (QoL) and cost perspective. Methods: A systematic literature review was conducted using Medline and Embase in eight pre-specified countries for the time period of January 2000 to January 2014. Search terms were related to QoL and/or cost. A total of 2963 abstracts and titles were identified. 50 abstracts met predefined criteria and provided data for calculations and collation. Results: Based on the RQLQ, the overall QoL of PAR patients was significantly worse than that of SAR patients (2.73 ± 0.12 cf. 2.04 ± 0.18, p≤ 0.001). In general, practical problems (mean: 3.80 ± SE: 0.08) and activities (mean: 3.70 ± SE: 0.11) were the most affected domains. Measured by the physical component score from the SF-36 questionnaire, the overall QoL of PAR patients was worse (p= 0.002) than that of SAR patients (49.06 ± 1.26 cf. 64.19 ± 7.89). For both PAR and SAR patients, domains measured by the SF-36 showed that vitality (mean: 59.95 ± SE: 3.24) was the most affected domain. Based on RQLQ, allergy immunotherapy improves eye symptoms, nasal symptoms, activities and practical problems the most in grass allergic patients. Direct comparison of total direct and indirect costs was complicated by differences in individual costs assessed among studies, however, the primary burden of costs is indirect and caused by high absenteeism and presenteeism. Conclusions: The QoL and economic burden of AR was substantial in the countries included in this review. However, limitations regarding the number of studies per country, heterogeneity between studies, and the lack of presented data have restricted the conclusions that could be drawn.
Efficacy, immunologic response, and safety of rapidly-dissolving sublingual immunotherapy tablets in subjects over 50 years of age with allergic rhinitis; Introduction: Use of allergen immunotherapy in older adults with allergic rhinitis (AR) has been questioned because of age-related dampening of immunologic responses. Efficacy, immunologic response, and safety in subjects ≥50 years and/or 18 to <50 years receiving rapidly-dissolving sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-T) approved for treatment of Timothy grass-(and related grasses) or short ragweed-induced AR was analyzed. Methods: Data pools were constructed from phase 2/3 trials (24-wk to 1-yr duration) of grass SLIT-T 2800 BAU (MK-7243
Occurrence and duration of local allergic reactions is similar for ragweed, grass, and house dust mite sublingual immunotherapy tablets and consistent with an immediate IgE-mediated reaction; Introduction: The most common adverse events (AEs) with sublingual immunotherapy tablets (SLIT-T) are local allergic reactions of the mouth and throat. These AEs are expected as the allergen extract presumably elicits an IgE-associated mediator release from mast cells located in oral tissues. Our objective was to report the duration of local allergic reactions in response to SLIT-T for 3 different allergens to characterize the reaction patterns. Methods: Symptoms and duration in minutes of local allergic reactions after SLITT administration were collected during phase 1 studies of Timothy grass SLITT 2800 BAU (MK-7243) and short ragweed SLIT-T 12 Amb a 1-U (MK-3641), and during phase 1 and 2b studies for house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-T 12 DU (MK-8237
Stabilization of labile grass-fungal and grassinsect extract mixtures during storage at sub-zero (conventional freezer) temperatures; Background: Preparation of optimal extract mixtures for allergen immunotherapy can be restricted by changing regulations or limits for reimbursement. Stabilization of allergen combinations known to be incompatible under conventional storage conditions, such as pollens mixed with proteaserich fungi or insects, can provide viable alternatives to help allergists administer the desired immunotherapy formulations to their patients. Objectives: To examine the compatibilities of standardized Meadow fescue and Timothy grass pollen extracts in mixtures containing fungal or insect extracts at elevated glycerin concentrations after storage for up to 12 months at refrigerator (2-8°C) or freezer (-15 to-20°C) temperatures. Methods: Meadow fescue and Timothy extracts were combined with individual fungal (Alternaria, Aspergillus, Penicillium) or insect (American cockroach, German cockroach, fire ant) extracts at glycerin concentrations ranging from 25-50%, in 5% increments. Extract levels corresponded to those producing effective maintenance doses for subcutaneous immunotherapy. Grass extract potencies were determined by IgE ELISA inhibition assay, the same method used to standardize these products. Results: Grass allergens in mixtures with fungal or insect extracts were stabilized considerably by storage in a conventional freezer. Several mixtures at 25-30% glycerin were partially frozen, but those at 35-50% glycerin remained in liquid phase. All combinations exhibited significant improvements in grass allergen potency relative to identical mixtures maintained at 2-8°C (up to 10-fold for Meadow fescue
Quantitative benefit and risk assessment of timothy grass and short ragweed sublingual immunotherapy tablets in the treatment of allergic rhinitis; Introduction: Number needed to treat (NNT) and needed to harm (NNH) is a quantitative approach to assess relative efficacy and safety of a treatment. Lower NNT indicates more effective treatment, and higher NNH indicates safer treatment. NNTs for allergic rhinitis (AR) treatments depend on the clinical response definition and range from 3-34.5
Gastrointestinal adverse events in subjects receiving rapidly dissolving timothy grass or short ragweed sublingual immunotherapy tablets; Introduction: Saliva may carry concentrated allergen extract to areas of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract distal to the mouth and throat when swallowed after administration of sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-T) or liquid. Unabsorbed contents of a rapidly dissolving SLIT-T may be swallowed fewer times than that of a SLIT-T that takes minutes to dissolve or liquid extracts, minimizing allergen exposure contact with the non-mouth/throat GI tract. Therefore, it is important to characterize the non-mouth/throat GI adverse events (AEs) associated with each SLIT product. We report the GI AEs associated with 2 SLIT-T products approved for the treatment of Timothy grass (and crossreactive grasses) or short ragweed (RW)-induced allergic rhinitis that dissolve within seconds under the tongue. Methods: AE data from 8 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (24-week to 1-year) of daily Timothy grass SLIT-T 2800 BAU (MK-7243
The efficacy and safety of the Timothy grass allergy sublingual immunotherapy tablet in Canadian adults and children; Background: The effect of sublingual Timothy grass immunotherapy tablet 2800 BAU (grass SLIT-T) has been evaluated in three North American trials in adults and children who have allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C). This paper examines the effects of grass SLIT-T in Canadians. Methods: Data for grass-allergic Canadians in three randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials were analyzed post hoc: 1) adults ≥18 y, grass-pollen season [GPS] 2009
Five-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet for the treatment of grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: 5 years of experience; Oralair® (OA) (Stallergenes, Antony, France) is a unique pre- and co-seasonal 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet launched in 2008, and now approved in 31 countries worldwide for the treatment of grass-pollen allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis. OA is the first oral treatment with a consistent, well-balanced allergen extract that mimics natural exposure and sensitization. A wealth of data exists from over 5 years of clinical and real-world experience demonstrating the efficacy and safety of OA for grass-pollen-allergy treatment. OA is highly effective from the first pollen season in all patient subgroups, including children and those with comorbid mild asthma, irrespective of sensitization status and symptom severity. OA also has sustained long-term benefits for symptom control and quality of life. This article provides an overview of the pharmacodynamics and pharmacology of OA
New product development with the innovative biomolecular sublingual immunotherapy formulations for the management of allergic rhinitis; The molecular allergy technique, currently defined as component-resolved diagnosis, significantly improved the diagnosis of allergy, allowing for differentiation between molecules actually responsible for clinical symptoms (genuine sensitizers) and those simply cross-reacting or shared by several sources (panallergens), thus influencing the appropriate management of a patient’s allergy. This also concerns allergen immunotherapy (AIT), which may be prescribed more precisely based on the component-resolved diagnosis results. However, the advance in diagnosis needs to be mirrored in AIT. According to consensus documents and to expectations of specialists, therapy should be based on standardized extracts containing measured amounts of the clinically relevant molecules, ie, the major allergens. The new generation of extracts for sublingual immunotherapy fulfills these requirements and are thus defined as biomolecular (BM). BM refers to natural extracts with a defined content of major allergens in micrograms. All Staloral BM products are indicated for the treatment of allergic rhinitis with or without asthma. The effectiveness of AIT is related to its ability to modify the immunological response of allergic subjects. The 5-grass and house dust mite extracts were evaluated addressing the T helper 1, T helper 2, and T helper 3 cells by polymerase chain reaction array on mRNA extracted from Waldeyer’s ring tissue (adenoids). Sublingual immunotherapy with a defined content of major allergens in micrograms induced a strong downregulation of genes involved in T helper 2 and T helper 1 activation and function, allowing the definition of the immunologic effect as “bio-homeostatic”. This clinical and immunological model must be implemented with respect to other allergens, thus expanding the application of a treatment with a unique disease-modifying capacity.
Sublingual immunotherapy in children: The recent experiences; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is indicated for the use in pediatric patients suffering from allergic rhinitis or allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by environmental allergens, such as ragweed pollen, grass pollen, and dust mite. This review focuses on recent and relevant studies associated with the use of SLIT for these allergens in children by examining efficacy, safety, and immunological data in comparison to subcutaneous immunotherapy, therapeutic treatments, and placebo. RECENT FINDINGS: In several of the case studies examined in this article, involving mainly grass and dust mite allergic patients, SLIT has been shown to have similar efficacy to subcutaneous immunotherapy. SLIT has been proven as a safer therapy. In comparing the adverse events related to both therapies, SLIT has fewer cases of anaphylaxis and fewer incidents of local reactions of mild-to-moderate severity. In comparison to therapeutic treatments and placebo, SLIT significantly improved symptom and medication scores. In addition to allergic rhinitis and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, additional uses for SLIT in pediatric patients, such as asthma, atopic dermatitis, and food allergies, are under development. SUMMARY: SLIT treatment is a well tolerated and effective approach to treat allergic rhinitis and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in pediatric patients. Three SLIT tablets are currently approved by the US Food and Drug Administration to treat grass and ragweed allergies. The research discussed in this review will further the knowledge of physicians searching for an alternative treatment for their pediatric patients.
Allergen immunotherapy is useful in the treatment of childhood asthma; Allergen specific immunotherapy can be considered an evidence based intervention for seasonal allergic rhinitis with pollen extracts applied subcutaneously or sublingually, as well as for insect venom allergy. (1,2,3) Unfortunately the evidence for effeciciency in allergen driven asthma in both children and adults with sensitization to house dust mites and animals (cats and dogs) is less convincing. Avariety of trials in allergic asthma have reported encouraging results, which led to Cochrane-metaanalyses concluding, that this intervention should be considered as effective. However, one of the problems with published metaanalyses is some confusion about endpoints related to asthma and a lack of consensus, there may also be a relevant publication bias. (4) Two years ago a German trial involving children as well as adults randomized for immunotherapy with house dust mites was able to demonstrate a steroid sparing effect of this intervention. (5) Seasonal allergic rhinitis in young children can be considered as a prodromal state of allergic asthma. Taking this into account subcutaneous immunotherapy with pollen allergen was applied in a large cohort of children with exclusive nasal, but no bronchial symptoms (PAT-study). After three years of immunotherapy the incidence of asthma was reduced by 50%, and it was demonstrated that this intervention effect remains stable for a whole decade. (6) Currently a preventative trial with a grass pollen tablets (GAP-study) is still ongoing. Since allergen specific immunotherapy has been demonstrated to be the only disease modifying intervention in allergic rhinitis it has been proposed that early intervention in preschool-age might turn out to be an effective intervention for secondary prevention of allergic asthma.
Preventive allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy in small children induces immunomodulation; Background: Prevention of new IgE-sensitisations has been described during allergen-specific immunotherapy. However, prospective data using a preventive approach in very young children who would benefit most is missing. We performed an investigator-initiated, prospective, double blinded, placebo-controlled trial to investigate the safety, immunomodulatory and sensitisation-preventive effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in mono/oligoclonally sensitised, clinically asymptomatic children at the age of 2-5 years. Method: In this double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled study, 31 mono/oligo-sensitised patients including house dust mite allergens or grass pollen (age 2-5 years) were included, who received SLIT to the respective source (n = 16) or placebo (n = 15). After dose up phase therapy was continued for 2 years. Parents recorded clinical events, vaccinations, drug intake in a diary. Skin prick testing, specific IgE and specific IgG testing was performed at baseline, 12 and 24 months. At the same time allergen specific proliferation (thymidine incorporation assay) and IL10-and TGFβdependent Treg function was measured via cytokine inhibition assays. Results: Preventive application of SLIT in young children was safe (no relevant side effects in 21.170 single applications). After 12 and 24 months of treatment the rate of allergen-specific sensitisation (specific IgE and SPT reactivity) was comparable in the treatment and the placebo group. However, verum-treated patients displayed a significant up-regulation of allergen-specific IgG (P < 0.05). Furthermore, TGFβ-and IL10-dependent inhibition (P < 0.05) was observed in vitro in the treatment group but not in the placebo group. Conclusions: Preventive SLIT is safe in children at 2-5 years of age. Preventive SLIT induces regulatory mechanisms involving allergen-specific IgG, IL10 and TGFβ. There is no evidence of an increase of IgE-sensitisation with preventive SLIT. Larger trials are needed to investigate the impact on the development of clinically relevant allergy.
Dose-range finding of natural birch pollen exposure in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis in the Fraunhofer Environmental Challenge Chamber; Introduction: Exposure to natural grass pollen in the Fraunhofer Environmental Challenge Chamber (ECC) has been validated and extensively applied for clinical development of investigational new drugs. Efficacy testing of immunotherapy using ECC needs allergen-specific exposures. The aim of this study was to test the safety and efficacy with dose-range finding and reproducibility of birch pollen challenge in subjects with seasonal allergic rhinitis in the Fraunhofer ECC. Methods: In a monocenter, single-blind, placebo-controlled, six period dose escalation pilot study 18 subjects with seasonal allergic rhinitis and sensitisation to birch pollen were exposed to clean air (placebo) or birch pollen (Allergon AB, Sweden) at either 1000, 2000, 4000, and 8000 grains/ m3 for 4 h in the Fraunhofer ECC 7 days apart. The dose of 4000 grains /m3 was repeated to investigate reproducibility. Efficacy (total nasal symptom score (TNSS), nasal flow rate, nasal secretion) and safety (adverse events, lung function) were assessed prior to and during the exposures. Results: While symptoms were absent prechallenge (TNSS = 0), exposure to birch pollen increased TNSS (mean of last 2 h ±SD) to 3.5 ± 0.2, 4.0 ± 0.2, 4.3 ± 0.2, and 4.3 ± 0.2 at 1000, 2000, 4000, and 8000 grains/m3, respectively, while air alone had little effect on TNSS (1.4 ± 0.2). Repeated exposure to 4000 grains/m3 induced a mean TNSS of 4.3 ± 0.3 which was not statistically different compared to the same previous dose. Objective measures of nasal flow and nasal secretions were in line with clinical symptoms. Exposure to birch pollen was safe with no relevant change in FEV1. Conclusion: Exposure to natural birch pollen at increasing concentrations in patients with allergic rhinitis in the Fraunhofer ECC was safe and induced symptoms of allergic rhinitis with a narrow doseresponse and evidence of saturation. A dose of 4000 grains/m3 was effective, reproducible and can therefore be used in future clinical trials.
Next generation sequencing and antibody engineering in combination defines different fates of allergen-specific antibodies during specific immunotherapy; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only disease-modifying approach with potential to cure allergic disease. SIT may mediate this effect though modification of the antibody (Ab)-response against relevant allergens. The molecular details of the re-shaping of the allergenspecific Ab response during SIT are however not known. Method: Genes encoding the heavy chain variable domain (VH) of Ab of different isotypes (including IgE) as found in peripheral blood B cells (PB-B) and in nasal biopsies taken from patients (n = 8) before and during the first year of SIT were sequenced on the Roche 454 (Titanium chemistry) Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) platform. Genes encoding IgE with defined allergen specificity were isolated using phage display technology from combinatorial libraries generated from mRNA found in PB-B of the allergic donors 2 months after initiation of SIT. A bioinformatics pipeline was used to analyze the presence of sequences encoding these allergen-specific Ab in the different PB and nasal biopsy samples. Results: 52 clonally unrelated, monoclonal IgE specific for 7 grass and tree pollen and mite allergens were selected from the IgE repertoires of subjects undergoing SIT. Some allergen-specific clone types were uniquely represented in samples obtained at 2 months after initiation of SIT, as determined by NGS. Others were, however, encoded by PB-B, often as differently mutated variants, before initiation of SIT and/or after 1 year of SIT. The same Ab clone types, encoding IgE, IgG or IgA, were also in several cases identified in nasal biopsies. Conclusion: The utilisation of NGS and Ab library technology together allowed us to describe different fates of allergen-specific antibody clones in PB and in tissue affected by allergic disease during SIT. We envisage that this approach will be instrumental in defining potential differential outcomes of different types of SIT in terms of the molecular details of allergen-specific Ab responses.
Identification of a candidate biomarker predicting clinical benefit during allergen immunotherapy; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is an efficient long-lasting effect treatment against respiratory allergies. As of today, AIT would take advantage from the identification of biomarkers (BMK) predicting clinical efficacy. Method: Sera obtained from 82 grass-pollen allergic patients treated with grass-pollen tablets or placebo and regularly monitored in an allergen challenge chamber for 4 months were analyzed by comparative proteomics, i.e. 2-dimentional differential gel electrophoresis (2D-DiGE) and label-free mass spectrometry (MS). The potential role of a candidate biomarker in allergy physiopathology was subsequently studied in a mouse model of OVA-induced allergic asthma. Results: 2D-DiGE analysis revealed posttranslational modification changes of a serum protein in active patients responding to treatment. Importantly, expression levels of these proteoforms correlated with clinical benefit in active group, but no such correlation was observed in placebo-treated patients. Enzymatic deglycosylation strategies combined with MS characterisation highlighted specific glycans affecting the protein separation pattern in 2D gels. The relevance of those glycan moieties to discriminate serum samples was addressed by quantifying glycopeptides in a label-free MS approach. Interestingly, one glycoprotein was more abundant in sera of patients responding to AIT and its expression level was positively correlated with clinical benefit only in active group. Lastly, invalidation of the serum protein by RNA silencing increased airway hyper-reactivity and Th2 response for OVA-sensitised mice. Conclusion: We identified a specific glycoform of a serum protein that allows predicting the patients with greater chances to benefit from AIT. Larger clinical cohorts are currently being tested to validate this potential predictive BMK of a positive clinical response to AIT. Investigations using human in vitro cellular models are currently conducted to decipher the function of this glycoprotein in regulating immune responses.
Conjunctival provocation tests: A predictive factor for patients' seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms; Background: No parameters currently exist that can reliably predict the impact of preseasonal immunotherapy on the symptoms occurring during the season. The purpose of our studies was to prove a correlation between pre-seasonal conjunctival allergen challenge and co-seasonal primary clinical endpoints using the total combined score, i.e., a combination of symptom and medication score, as the primary outcome parameter. Method: Twelve weeks before both the birch and the grass pollen seasons, two separate prospective, double-blind, randomized, controlled studies were conducted followed by post-trial observations for each study during the active season. In the studies, patients reacting to conjunctival allergen challenge were treated with sublingual immunotherapy tablets containing either birch/alder or grass pollen allergoids. Results: In all, 158 patients were included in the grass and 160 in the tree pollen study
Safety assessment of a shortened up-titration phase with a grass pollen allergoid preparation in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma; Background: Specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with a high dose hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation is known to be safe and effective. At present increasing doses of an allergen preparation are administered in weekly intervals during the initial up-titration phase. To achieve the therapeutic target in less time and with fewer interventions, the safety of a shortened up-titration scheme was investigated. Method: In a multicentre, open label phase II trial with two parallel active treatment groups 122 patients (Safety Set) were randomised 1:1 either to the shortened uptitration arm receiving 4 injections (group I) or to the standard up-titration arm receiving seven injections (group II). Both treatment groups received two additional maintenance doses. A total of 371 and 557 injections were administered in group I and II respectively. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded during the whole treatment phase. Systemic reactions were graded according WHO criteria. Results: During the treatment phase AEs related to trial medication were observed in 22 patients of group I and 15 patients of treatment group II. Local reactions were reported by 18 group I and 11 group II patients. One patient (group II) revealed a serious adverse event (SAE) unrelated to trial medication. In group I, 5 WHO grade I systemic reactions were observed. In group II, 2 grade I reactions occurred. WHO grade II reactions appeared 3 times in group I and 2 times in group II. One systemic reaction in group I was not classified (PEF decrease without clinical symptoms). Conclusion: The results show that the shortened up-titration phase with the high dose hypoallergenic allergoid preparation is safe and can be an optional treatment regimen for patients suffering from grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma.
The comparison of the efficacy of preseasonal grass pollen immunotherapy in monosensitised and polysensitised allergic rhinitis patients; Background: Preseasonal short term immunotherapy was effective in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.Monosensitised patients are the ideal candidates for immunotherapy however it is stil debated whether immunotherapy is effective in polisensitised subjects.There are few trials with oral immunotherapy demonstrating that mono and polisensitised patients were comparable in terms of clinical efficacy. The aim of the present study was to compare the clinical efficacy of preseasonal immunotherapy in mono sensitised and polysensitised patients. Method: A total of 53 cases with seasonal allergic rhinitis undergoing preseasonal immunotherapy and 44 cases followed with conventional drug treatment were included.Immunotherapy and control groups were divided into monosensitised and polysensitised patient groups according to skin prick tests.All patients were followed between March-September 2013 with symptom and medication scores, and visual analogue scale (VAS).Symptom and medication scores were compared in immunotherapy and control groups and further between monosensitised and polysensitised cases and clinical efficacy was evaluated. Results: Mean age was 35.13 ± 10.65 and 33.43 ± 11.32 years and female/male ratio was 34/19 and 25/19 in immunotherapy and control groups,respectively.Symptom scores recorded in June and July were found to be lower in immunotherapy group (P < 0.05).VAS and medication scores in June were found to be lower in immunotherapy group (P < 0.05).Combined symptom medication scores were lower in June, July and August in immunotherapy group (P < 0.05).No difference was found between monosensitised and polysensitised patients with respect to symptom/medication scores, combined symptom medication scores and VAS. Conclusion: Preseasonal immunotherapy with grass polen extract was effective in reducing symptoms and medication need in seasonal allergic rhinitis.This positive effect was similar between monosensitised and polisensitised subjects.
Co-seasonal up-dosing of cluster immunotherapy with grass pollen allergoid; Background: Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy (SCIT) as a causal treatment for patients suffering from hay fever is usually started outside of the pollen season. For this presentation patients0 data were retrospectively analyzed to assess the safety of SCIT initiated during the grass pollen season with highly polymerised extracts of grass pollen. Also the compliance of patients as well as any changing of the overall health status were assessed, if possible. Method: Data from 40 grass pollen allergic patients (12-64 years
Spreading of maintenance interval in subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy with high-dose hypoallergenic pollen preparations is safe and effective in daily life; Background: We conducted a post marketing surveillance study with focus on efficacy tolerability and adherence on highdose hypoallergenic pollen preparations in the daily routine of office-based physicians. We were interested whether spreading of the maintenance interval from 4-5 weeks (SmPC) up to 8 weeks was safe and effective. Method: This study was conducted at 218 centres in Germany. 753 patients were treated with registered high-dose hypoallergenic pollen preparations. 23.5% of patients were treated preseasonally, and 75.3% perennially. 321 patients receiving a perennial therapy were treated in 4-week intervals (4W), 90 patients in 8-week intervals (8W). Study data was collected before therapy, at the end of the first and second pollen season via structured questionnaires. Efficacy was evaluated based on symptoms and antiallergic medication. Quality of life data was obtained by a self-administered questionnaire (EQ-5D). Results: Tree pollen preparations were prescribed most frequently, followed by grass pollen. The proportions of patients with moderate and severe nasal symptoms decreased (4W: from 92.9% to 23.8%
A second year of sublingual immunotherapy with a 5 grass allergen extract further suppresses airways inflammation as measured by exhaled breath temperature; Background: Our previous data suggest that exhaled breath temperature (EBT), a marker of airway inflammation, increases during the pollen season in subjects with pollinosis. In 2012 (year 1, Y1) we performed a double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial showing that sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with grass allergen significantly decreased EBT in the actively treated arm. In 2013 (Y2) we put all subjects on allergen SLIT with the aim to uncover potential differences between one and two years of active treatment. Method: Out of the 51 patients (25 on allergen treatment, 26 on placebo) completing the study during Y1, 39 (6 dropouts from each arm) completed 5 months SLIT with 5-grass allergen (Stallergenes, France) in Y2. Their age was 31 ± 12 years, 16 were women. The variables followed up were discomfort due to symptoms on a 100 mm visual-analogue scale (VASsym lower score meant worse symptoms), and EBT (°C) measured with portable handheld device indoors (Delmedica Ltd, Singapore). Evaluations were performed before the grass pollen season and at the peak of it. Results: For the 40 patients completing both Y1 and Y2 of SLIT, all measurements done before the pollen season were similar. Comparison of the VASdisc scores during the high pollen season between Y1 and Y2 did not show significant difference: 68.5 (mean) ±3.1 (s.e.m.) vs 70.0 ± 4.9 P > 0.1. However, EBT during the pollen season for Y2 was lower, 34.49 ± 0.07 vs 34.75 ± 0.07 in Y1, P = 0.004, which was mainly at the expense of the 20 subjects switched from placebo to active treatment. As opposed to Y1, when EBT still slightly but significantly increased during the pollen season for the actively treated group, in those same patients EBT did not change during the pollen season compared to preseasonal levels in Y2. Conclusion: Our study provides further evidence for the suppressive effect of SLIT with grass pollen allergen extracts on EBT / airway inflammation, which is consolidated after the second year of treatment.
Grass-pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy suppresses asthma manifestations in a mouse model using vitamin D3 as an adjuvant; Allergic asthma is characterised by specific IgE, eosinophilic airway inflammation and airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR). Although specific immunotherapy (IT) is the only treatment providing long-term protection against allergic diseases, it needs further improvement to increase its efficacy. We developed a preclinical grass pollen (GP) model of asthma and optimised GP doses in subcutaneous-IT (SCIT). 1,25 (OH)2VitD3 (VitD3) has been used as adjuvants for IT in experimental models. Here, we aim to develop an effective VitD3 supplemented GP-SCIT for allergic asthma. BALB/c mice were sensitised with GP on Alum. SCIT was given by three subcutaneous injections of GP supplemented with VitD3 (30, 100, and 300 ng or placebo). Subsequently, mice were challenged with intranasal GP three times on alternate days. Two days hereafter, we measured AHR to methacholine using FlexiVent GP-specific IgE, IgG1, and IgG2a in serum, ear-swelling responses (ESR), eosinophils in broncho-alveolar lavage fluid (BALF) and lung, and cytokines after restimulation of lung cells (IL-5,-10,-13 and IFN-g). In placebo-treated control mice, GPchallenge induced AHR, BALF and lung eosinophilia, up-regulation of serum IgE levels and increased levels of Th2-type cytokines upon lung T-cell restimulation as compared to PBS challenged mice. GP SCIT induced sp-IgG1 and sp-IgG2a, and prevented further induction of sp-IgE irrespective of the dose of VitD3. However while GP SCIT significantly suppressed eosinophils on BAL, this effect was further enhanced by VitD3 coadministration. Moreover, AHR to methacholine and ear swelling in response to intradermal GP challenge was only significantly suppressed by GP SCIT in combination with VitD3. In conclusion, while the adjuvant effects of VitD3 vary between the different asthma manifestations in our experimental model, we show that VitD3 enhances GP SCIT-mediated suppression of clinically relevant parameters including hyperresponsiveness and ear swelling tests.
Effectiveness and tolerability of a 2-year sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in real-life medical practice in polyallergic patients with concomitant AIT or concomitant symptomatic medication; Background: The aim of this non-interventional study was to document the impact of a sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with 5-grass pollen tablets (Stallergenes France) on symptom severity and use of symptomatic medication as well as tolerability in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) over 2 years of real-life medical practice treatment. Here we focus on polyallergic patients with concomitant AIT or concomitant symptomatic medication during treatment seasons. Method: This prospective, open, non-controlled multicenter trial was conducted from September 2010 to October 2012 in Germany. Overall 1.482 patients (752 f 722 m, mean age: 28 ± 15 years) participated in the study. They were treated according to a pre-/coseasonal treatment regimen for two consecutive years. Patients rated their symptoms (rhinitis conjunctivitis, asthma) as a combined scores of severity (scale: 0 [none]-3 [severe]) and frequency (scale: 0 [none]-4 [very often]). In the combined RC score, the severity of rhinitis and conjunctivitis were pooled (scale: 0-6). Here we analyse polyallergic patients with concomitant AIT only (no concomitant symptomatic medication) (patAIT) and patients with concomitant symptomatic medication only (cosM). Results: 7.4% of the patients (n = 110) took concomitant symptomatic medication only in both treatment years (cosM), 4.8% of the patients (n = 71) received concomitant AIT only (patAIT). For the patAIT patients, the RC score was reduced by 75% (from a mean value of 4.01 in the grass pollen season preceding AIT (Y0) to 1.33 in the 1st study year (Y1) and 1.00 in the 2nd study year (Y2)). The RC score in the cosM patients was reduced by 46% (from a mean value of 4.39 in Y0 to 2.52 in Y1 and 2.37 in Y2). In both subgroups of patients, treatment was well tolerated. 16.9% of patAIT patients experienced adverse events (AE) during the two study years, while for 12.7% of the cosM patients AEs were documented. Conclusion: In both subgroups of patients AIT with 5-grass pollen tablets was well tolerated in the real-life medical practice setting. RC symptom scores dropped in both groups. The improvement of the RC symptoms was better in polyallergic patients with concomitant AIT only (patAIT) than in patients with concomitant symptomatic medication only (cosM).
Pediatric trends in prescribing of specific immunotherapy for grass pollen allergy in Germany: 2005-2012; Background: Sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) for grass pollen-induced allergy became available in tablet form in Germany in 2006. This study examined the impact of the introduction of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets and prescribing of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) for the pediatric population with grass pollen-induced allergy in Germany. Methods: An electronic medical records review of grass pollen AIT prescriptions (ATC code: V01AA02) written for >6000 pedaitric allergic rhinitis patients from 2005 to 2012 was conducted using IMS Disease Analyzer. Pediatric patients were defined as <18 years of age. Administration modality was determined by the first prescription identified during each prescribing year (September-August). Results: The pediatric population use of SLIT-tablets has increased from 9% of total AIT initiations in 2008 to 25% of total AIT initiations in 2009 with the same level in the following years. The average age for AIT initiation was 12.1 years (SD 3.24). Within the pediatric population, the largest prescribers of SIT were pediatric and ENT specialists (together accounting for 65% of prescriptions). The largest prescribers of SLIT-tablets were ENT specialists (43%). Pediatricians were the leading prescribers of SCIT, with >80% of their patients initiating AIT with SCIT (in the overall study period and for those initiating treatment most recently in 2012). Conclusion: The majority of pediatric AIT patients are receiving SCIT despite availability of SLIT-tablets in Germany. Although the SLIT-tablet may be a more convenient treatment option, providers may prefer to prescribe SCIT rather than a single allergen tablet for children who experience sensitivities to multiple allergens.
Trends in prescribing of specific immunotherapy for grass pollen allergy in Germany: 2005-2012; Background: Sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) for grass pollen allergies in tablet form became available in Germany in 2006. This study examined the impact of the introduction of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets on prescribing of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and SLIT drops over time in Germany. Method: An electronic medical records review of grass pollen AIT prescriptions (ATC code: V01AA02) written for >18 000 allergic rhinitis patients from 2005 to 2012 was conducted using IMS Disease Analyzer. Administration modality was determined by the first prescription identified during each prescribing year (September-August). McNemar's test was used to evaluate prescribing trends over the study period for the total patient population and age subgroups. Results: Nearly all patients (96%) with grass AIT prescriptions in study year 1 (2005/2006) were prescribed SCIT with greatest AIT use generally among adults (61% of prescriptions), with pediatric patients (<18 years) accounting for 39% of AIT prescriptions. A statistically significant increase in the proportion of patients prescribed SLIT-tablets was observed, from 8% (2006/07) to 29% (2011/12) (P < 0.001). The proportion of patients prescribed SCIT therapies declined from 87% to 67% (P < 0.001), while use of SLIT-drops was rare (∼4% of patients annually) from 2006/ 07 to 2011/12. Similar trends were observed for both children and adults. Conclusion: The proportion of patients prescribed SLIT-tablets increased significantly following their introduction to the market. Despite this increase, SCIT remained the primary modality prescribed to patients with grass pollen allergies over the study period. This may be due to a preference of providers to prescribe SCIT to treat sensitivities to multiple allergens rather than prescribe a single allergen tablet.
Food hypersensitive in patients sensitised for aeroallergens; Background: Coexistence of food hypersensitivity is often observed in patients with aeroallergy. Principal method cure of aeroallergy is immunotherapy (SIT). Effectiveness of this therapy is assessed based on clinical symptoms abated. Sometimes we observed less effect this treatment probably connected with coexistence of food hypersensitivity, which could be cross allergy or co-allergy. Aim: The aim of this study was assessment prevalence of food hypersensitivity in patients sensitised for aeroallergens. Methods: We analysis case history 55 patients with SIT for aeroallergens, in age 18 to 72 years (medium 55 years), 28 women and 27 man. Results: More frequently we observed allergy for several aeroallergens-32 patients. Only 23 patients have allergy for one aeroallergen. Most of patients was treated SIT for grass allergy-16 patients dust mites-11, trees-10, trees and grasses -6, ragweed, cat-4, and for one to: grasses and ragweed, trees and ragweed, alternaria. Prevalence of food hypersensitivity in analyzing group of patients was 27.2% (15 patients). More frequently we observed food hypersensitivity in patients with pollen allergy-33.3% (13 patients). Oral allergy syndrome (OAS) was more common clinical manifestation of food hypersensitivity -12 patients. More frequently we observed food hypersensitivity for apple -10 patients, carrot-7, cherry-5, hazelnut -4, peach-4, nectarine-3, celery-3, strawberry -2, kiwi-2, curry-2, pear-2, walnut -2, and one for: on raspberry, egg, citrus shrimp, beetroot, morello, cow milk. Conclusion: Prevalence of food hypersensitivity in patients treated with SIT for aeroallergens was 27.2%. More frequently it was observed in patients with plant allergy- 33.3%. Coexistence food hypersensitivity in this group of patients could influence on less effective results of SIT, because probably food hypersensitivity is important element supporting of allergy process in this patients.
Characteristics of house dust mite allergic asthmatic adults initiating sublingual immunotherapy in a French real life setting; Background: The ADARA survey∗ has shown striking differences between children and adults house dust mite (HDM) allergic patients eligible for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). This subgroup analysis describes and compares the characteristics of HDM allergic asthmatic adults (AAA) to non asthmatics. Method: ADARA was an observational, transversal, national multicentre study performed from June to December 2012 with 1578 patients enrolled from 184 sites. Results: Among the 876 adult patients (≥16 years), 374 (43%) were asthmatics, had an average age of 31.5 ± 12.3 years. The majority lived in urban environments (66%), in plain (72%) or seaside areas (25%), and most in one family houses (52%). The majority were non-smokers (70%). 59% were referred by their general practitioner. Compared to non-asthmatic adults patients, asthmatics were more often polysensitised (64% vs 51%, P < 0.001)
Efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet in patients with grass pollen-associated allergic rhinoconjunctivitis assessed by daily combined score in a long term study; Background: The daily Combined Score (CS) equally weights symptom and rescue medication scores. Its use as a primary outcome measure of clinical trials with allergen specific immunotherapy for respiratory allergy is consistent with the World Allergy Organization's recommendation. Here, we present efficacy results of a longterm study with 300IR 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet using the daily CS. Method: Grass pollen allergic adults were randomised 1:1:1 to receive placebo or 300IR tablet pre- and co-seasonally starting either 4 months (4M) or 2 months (2M) prior to the season. They were treated over three consecutive years and followed for 2 years post-treatment. The daily CS (range 0-3) was analysed post-hoc over each of the five evaluation periods using a linear mixed model with repeated measures and ANCOVA. Results are presented for the 4M group, i.e. the approved treatment regimen. Results: Six hundreden thirty three adults were randomised and 457 completed the three treatment years. In each of the first three evaluation periods, differences from placebo in daily CS least-squares (LS) means in active group were significant (P ≤ 0.0024). The relative differences vs placebo were -16.4% in Year 1, -38.0% in Year 2, and -38.3% in Year 3. 433 patients completed the subsequent, treatment-free year. During Year 4, the difference in daily CS LS means from placebo was significant (P = 0.0103) with a relative difference of -25.3%. 372 patients completed treatment-free Year 5. The difference in daily CS LS means from placebo was significant (P = 0.0478) with a relative difference of -28.1%. Conclusion: In grass pollen-allergic adults treated discontinuously with 300IR 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet in a longterm study, efficacy was demonstrated over 3 treatment years vs placebo. A significant improvement vs placebo was also shown in the first and second years post-treatment.
First season with five grass pollen tablets in allergic children/teenagers. A real-life disease impact in terms of symptoms and medication. SMILE study; Background: Clinical development of grass immunotherapy tablets should be complemented with data from real-life settings. The aim of this study was to obtain clinical information of patients (under 18 years) that had been treated following a precoseasonal schedule. Method: Cross-sectional, observational, multicentric study. The information was collected in just one visit after the 2012 pollen season. The patientshad have a moderate/severe (ARIA classification) allergic rhinoconjuctivitis (RCA) uncontrolled with symptomatic medication to grass pollen before initiating the treatment and received for the first time SLIT tablets in a precoseasonal schedule. Results: One hundren twenty one children and teenagers were recruited (55% between 6-11 years
Clinical and immunologic efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in patients with respiratory allergy; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) offers the potential for a safer and more convenient alternative to Subcutaneous IT for allergy patients. Method: Sixty adult patients were studied with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and with or without asthma, from 19 to 46 years old, sensitisation proven by positive skin prick tests and IgE determination (at least class three) who received SLIT (drop formulation) for 2 years with standardised allergen extracts (Sevapharma, Czech republic). Patients were divided into two groups. Group 1 included 30 patients with respiratory allergy including allergic rhinitis with asthma (six patients) and without asthma (24 patients), receiving monotherapy with mixture of grasses I or Artemisia mixtum. Group 2 included 30 patients with respiratory allergy including allergic rhinitis with asthma (Nine patients) and without asthma (21 patients), receiving combination therapy of a mixture of grasses I or Artemisia mixtum and mixture of house dust mites or a mixture of indoor moulds. The control group included 30 healthy subjects. SLIT involved an up-dosing phase and maintenance phase with a maximum dose achieved (10000 JSK -grass pollen extracts and mixture of house dust mites
Treating grass pollen allergic patients with severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms with 5-grass pollen tablets -results from a 2-year real-life medical practice study; Background: The aim of this non-interventional study was to document the impact of a sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with 5-grass pollen tablets (Stallergenes, France) on symptom severity and use of symptomatic medication as well as tolerability in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) over 2 years of real-life medical practice treatment. Here we focus on patients with severe RC symptoms during the season before treatment. Method: This prospective, open, non-controlled, multicenter trial was conducted from September 2010 to October 2012 in Germany. Overall 1.482 patients (752 f, 722 m, mean age: 28 ± 15 years) participated in the study. They were treated according to a pre-/coseasonal treatment regimen for two consecutive years. Patients rated their symptoms (rhinitis, conjunctivitis, asthma) as a combined scores of severity [scale: 0 (none)-3 (severe)] and frequency [scale: 0 (none)-4 (very often)]. In the combined RC score, the severity of rhinitis and conjunctivitis were pooled (scale: 0-6). Patients with severe RC symptoms in the season before treatment (sbRC) were defined as patients with a RC score of high degree of severity (either rhinitis or conjunctivitis at least 'severe') during the grass pollen season preceding AIT. Results: During the grass pollen season preceding AIT, 49.0% of the patients had a severe RC score. This rate decreased to 5.5% in the first (Y1) and to 2.9% in the second season (Y2) of AIT. Likewise the RC score decreased in sbRC patients (n = 711) from a mean value of 5.10 ± 0.98 to 2.27 ± 1.45 during Y1 and to 1.61 ± 1.18 during Y2. The asthma score decreased in sbRC patients with asthma from a mean value of 3.76 ± 1.61 to 1.48 ± 1.50 during Y1 and to 1.23 ± 1.57 during Y2. During the grass pollen season preceding AIT, 89.5% of the sbRC patients had used symptomatic medication. This rate dropped to 57.0% during Y1 and to 47.8% during Y2. AIT with 5-grass pollen tablets was well tolerated in sbRC patients with an incidence of adverse events of 17.7% during the 2 years of treatment. Conclusion: Grass pollen allergic patients with severe symptoms treated in real-life medical practice benefit from AIT with 5-grass pollen tablets. All symptom scores as well as the symptomatic medication use dropped during the 2 years of treatment. Furthermore AIT was well tolerated by this subgroup of patients. Our real-life medical practice results thus confirm results obtained in clinical studies.
Oral specific immunotherapy in HIV infected patients; Background: According to the WHO guidelines, an immunodeficiency such as HIV infection is a contraindication for allergic immunotherapy. However highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has improved immune function and life expectancy in HIV infected patients. The incidence of respiratory allergies in HIV patients is similar to the general population. The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and the safety of oral specific immunotherapy (Oralair, Stallergenes) in a group of grass-pollen allergic HIV patients. Method: Twenty three HIV patients with a clinical history of grass-pollen sensitisation were enrolled in the study. Thirteen patients were treated with Oralair from February to May 2013 and were then compared with ten patients receiving symptomatic therapy alone. All HIV patients were in efficacy immune-virological active antiretroviral therapy for at least 1 year. Both HIV viral load and peripheral lymphocyte CD4 counts were evaluated during the study as well as clinical benefits of the analysis of VAS symptoms, VAS drugs and a QOL questionnaire. Results: Clinical efficacy data showed a significant improvement in Oralair treated patients compared to controls (VAS symptoms: P = 0.003
Mixtures of depigmented and chemically modified pollen extracts from different homologous groups generate specific IgG antibodies with IgE blocking capacity against individual allergens; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with mixture of allergen extracts from different homologous groups remains controversial. Successful AIT has been linked to a specific immune response and the production of blocking antibodies. The objectives of this study were to determine the antibody response, and induction of IgE-blocking antibodies against total extract and purified allergen by depigmented-polymerised (Dpg-Pol) vaccines composed by a mixtures of grass and olive or pellitory pollen. Method: Sera from New Zealand rabbits immunised with a mix (50%:50%) of Dpg-Pol vaccine of grasses (5 species) with Olea europaea or Parietaria judaica extracts were obtained. Specific IgG (sIgG) against the extracts (grasses, O. europaea and P. judaica) and purified allergens (Phl p 5, Ole e 1 and Par j 1 / 2) was determined by ELISA, immunoblot and immunoblot-inhibition. The capacity of these induced antibodies to block the human-IgE binding sites was tested by ELISA and immunoblot-inhibition, comparing the binding of IgE from a pool of human sera after the incubation of extracts and purified allergens with rabbit's immunised sera and their corresponding preimmune. Results: Vaccines composed by mixtures of grasses with O. europaea or P. judaica induced high levels of sIgG antibodies to the complete allergen extracts and to the purified allergens. In both vaccines, the produced antibodies show the capacity to block human-IgE binding sites of the extracts and purified allergens with percentages of IgEinhibition higher than 70%. Conclusion: Specific immunogenicity is maintained after the mix of two depigmented and polymerised extracts from different homologous groups, corroborating the immunological efficacy of the treatment.
Prospective study of pollen food syndrome in children attending a specialist allergy clinic; Introduction: There is limited information regarding the onset and sensitisation patterns of pollen food syndrome (PFS) in children. We aimed to explore this within children referred to a specialist allergy clinic at a London Tertiary Hospital. Methods: Fifty four patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) were enrolled equally in three age groups
Factors associated with early, local side effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Allergen specific immunotherapy is one of the most effective tools in modern allergology, but it remains largely underutilised in certain countries and regions due to concerns about it0s potential adverse reactions. While early local side effects are considered to be of little clinical significance, they can notably decrease patient0s quality of life and adherence to treatment. Our objective was to assess the incidence and risk factors of early side effects in patients undergoing specific allergen immunotherapy. Method: Seven hundred and eighty-eight immunisations administered to 578 subjects randomly chosen from patients undergoing SCIT in outpatient clinic were analyzed. Immediate reactions 30 min following the injection were recorded and compiled with medical histories to build a database. Results: 78 (9.9% of injections) local adverse reactions (erythema, swelling and itching) were observed. None of the events developed into systemic allergic reaction. Univariate analysis showed similiar incidence and severity of adverse events in males and females, with younger patients having significantly more frequent reactions (mean age 25.6 vs 32.4 years). An increased incidence of side effects was noticed in patients treated with Phostal compared to other products (16.4% vs 6.2%), as well as in those receiving house dust mite extract compared to other allergens (14.7% vs 8.4%). Lower frequency of side effects was associated with vaccine 1 (1.7% vs 12.3%), tree pollen (6.4% vs 11.5%) and grass pollen (5.8% vs 14%) compared to other extracts. Multivariate analysis using logistic regression revealed that young age [below 15 years
Disease-modifying properties of SQ-standardised grass SLIT-tablets and long-term cost-effectiveness; Background: Grass allergy immunotherapy (AIT) tablets for sublingual use (SLIT-tablets) are effective in reducing symptoms and need for medication. The economic analysis of AIT treatment is based on the assumption that the additional cost of AIT in the short term is balanced by long-term return on patient quality of life. Hence, in order to estimate the cost-effectiveness of AIT, extrapolation of clinical trial data is the standard method. However, long-term effectiveness depends on the ability of the specific AIT to modify the underlying nature of the disease. The study objective was to assess the potential of disease modifying effect (DME) of SQ-standardised Grass SLIT-tablets on long-term cost-effectiveness. Method: Based on data from a 5 year clinical trial showing disease modifying effect for 2 years after end of treatment (GT-08, SQ Grass SLIT-tablet, ALK, Denmark), we established a Markov state model of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and estimated long-term societal cost and QALYs. Uncertainty around DME of AIT was explored by estimating two scenarios: (i) Only the SQ-standardised grass SLIT-tablet allergy immunotherapy tablet product is available and compared to symptomatic treatment
Prospective Adherence to Specific Immunotherapy in Europe (PASTE) study: The enrollment of patients in Greece; Background: PASTE study aims in evaluating patients' adherence to Allergen Immunotherapy (AIT) for allergic respiratory diseases and hymenoptera venoms, across different European countries. An EAACI Task Force has been formed for this purpose with eight partecipating countries. Hereby data from the enrollment of the Greek patients, regarding demographic data and type of sensitivity, are presented. Method: Inclusion criteria were adult age (>18 year old) and the eligibility for AIT. Patients' enrollment started on October 2012 and ever since data are updated every 4 months. Study is expected to end in 3 years. Results: A total of 322 patients (mean age: 33.8 year-old, 64.3% males) were recruited in allergology departments at NHS hospitals (69.3%) and private practices. Patients had been suffering from allergic rhinitis (259), conjunctivitis (138) and/or asthma (134). 50.6% reported symptoms lasting for more than 5 years. Most common airborne sensitivities were to grasses (136), to weeds (114), to Olive (96) and to house dust mites (89). AIT was prescribed for Grass (134), Parietaria (127), Olive (89), Cypress (8), Dermatophagoides (82), Alternaria (19) and cat (3). Subcutaneous AIT for airborne allergens is performed in 178 patients, while 49 are receiving sublingual drops (39) or tablets (10). Fifty-two patients had positive allergy tests to venoms
A comparison of the relative clinical impacts of sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets and symptomatic drugs in grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: In the absence of robust, large-scale, head-to-head clinical trials of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) formulations and symptomatic medications in seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR), the treatment modalities can be indirectly compared by calculating the 'relative clinical impact' (RCI, defined by the World Allergy Organization as 100 9 (clinical scorePlacebo - clinical scoreActive)/clinical scorePlacebo). However, methodological factors in clinical trials of SLIT may lead to underestimation of the effect size. Method: After selecting double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of five-grass and single-grass pollen SLIT tablets or symptomatic medications with at least 100 participants in the smallest treatment arm, we calculated the RCI from the post-treatment or season-long nasal symptom scores, total symptom scores or (for some SLIT studies) the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS) or combined symptommedication scores. Results: Twenty-eight symptomatic medication trials and ten SLIT tablet trials were selected for meta-analysis and calculation of the RCI. Based on the RTSS or the combined score, the RCIs for SLIT tablets in SAR ranged from -16% to -30%. In the tertiles with the highest AAdSS in four studies of five-grass pollen SLIT tablets, the weighted mean (range) RCI was -37.1% (-26% to -45%). These values were thus similar to or even greater than the values for symptomatic drugs (-3% to -26% for second-generation H1-antihistamines, -7% to -54% for nasal corticosteroids and -3% to -10% for montelukast). Conclusion: In the absence of head-to-head clinical trials, the RCI method for indirect comparison of the effect size in high-severity tertiles in SLIT trials constitutes a good approximation of the conditions encountered in a symptomatic drug trial. In moderate-to-severe SAR, grass pollen SLIT tablets appear to have a greater RCI than second-generation H1-antihistamines and montelukast and much the same RCI as nasal corticosteroids.
Pilot trial to downregulate allergy by IntraLymphatic allergen immunotherapy; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is the only treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) that leads to tolerance. The dominating administration form of AIT is subcutaneous, which takes several years and imposes a substantial economic burden. Emerging evidence shows that allergen immunotherapy with intralymphatic injections (ILIT) yields a faster result with a 1000-fold lower dose. To evaluate if this method could be used in our settings we did a pilot-study with patients allergic to birch or grass. Method: Ten patients with ARC and sensitivity to birch (4) or grass (6) participated in the study. Symptom score (RTSS), quality of life (RQLQ) and medication score for the last pollen season were collected. Immunological blood tests and skin prick test was done. Three inguinal intralymphatic injections with 1000 SQ-E of ALKAbello Alutard Birch or 5-grass allergen extracts were given 4 weeks apart, controlled and documented by means of ultrasonography with a needle guide. After the following pollen season RTSS, RQLQ and medication use were collected as well as new immunological blood analyses and skin prick test. Results: One patient had a systemic allergic reaction after the first injection and was excluded from the study. No other severe reaction was seen. RTSS and RQLQ for one grass pollen allergic patient were missing. Seven of the remaining eight patients had fewer symptoms with lower RTSS. All eight scored better in RQLQ and used less medication compared to the season before treatment. No clear changes were seen in skin prick tests nor in immunological blood tests. Conclusion: This pilot study shows beneficial results of ILIT therapy with fewer symptoms, lower medical use and better quality of life during the first pollen season after the treatment compared to the preceding season. We judge that the benefits for the patients outweigh the risks. We will now implement this treatment in a larger study to evaluate the significance of these results.
Seasonal Increases in peripheral innate lymphoid type 2 cells (ILC2s) are inhibited by grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: Type 2 innate lymphoid cells (ILC2) have an emerging role in mediating allergic responses and produce substantial amounts of type 2 cytokines, particularly IL-5 and IL-13. Although immunotherapy has been shown to suppress allergic inflammation, its effects on ILC2s have yet to be determined. Method: In a prospective controlled study, peripheral blood samples from 12 subjects with seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR), 9 grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapytreated subjects (SCIT) and 11 non-atopic (NA) controls were collected both within and outside the grass pollen season. Clinical symptoms were evaluated using selfreported visual analogue scales (VAS). ILC2 were immunophenotyped using multiparameter flow cytometry. Lineage-negative lymphocytes that expressed CRTH2 and IL-7 receptor (CD127) and ST2 were considered ILC2. Results: ILC2 were increased in SAR during the pollen season compared to out of season (58%, P = 0.007). In contrast, there was no change in ILC2 over the same time period for SCIT and NA groups. During the pollen season, the proportions of ILC2 were elevated in SAR (median (IQR), 14.8 (2.99)) compared to SCIT (9.34 (3.45)
Design and objectives of ALTO: A 5-year observational study evaluating the quality of life of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients treated by 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet; Background: Allergic rhinitis substantially impairs the patients' quality of life (QoL). ALTO is a multicentric, international observational study on 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet to be conducted in 10 countries with the aim of following-up the patients' QoL in allergic rhino-conjunctivitis (ARC) over a 5-year period. Objective: The main objective is to evaluate the patients' perceived effectiveness of 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets in ARC management in terms of QoL and disease intensity via direct reporting by the patient during consecutive grass-pollen seasons. Patient satisfaction and rescue medication use as well as patient adherence to the 5-grass pollen SLIT-tablet treatment will also be monitored. Methods: Approximately 150 sites are expected to participate in this study and approximately 2500 patients (≥5 y.o) with grass-pollen induced ARC will be recruited during the 2014 grass pollen season for baseline data collection. Patients actually starting a 5-grass pollen tablet SLIT will then be followed-up for up to 5 years, i.e. during and after their 5-grass pollen tablet treatment, with generic and disease-specific self-administered QoL questionnaires (SF-12v2 and RQLQ (S)+12) completed at home during the grass pollen seasons. Results: This innovative design combining baseline data collection before the treatment, direct contact to patients along the grass pollen seasons and a long-term follow-up period will provide new data on the patients' perception of their QoL and of the effectiveness of the 5-grass tablets. Conclusion: ALTO is expected to be the first multicentric, international long-term observational study to provide real-life data on patients' perceived effectiveness of 5-grass pollen tablets in ARC management.
Impact of allergen immunotherapy on quality of life and healthcare costs in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in Spain; Objective: A health economic assessment, reflective of Spanish clinical practice, was conducted to determine the relative impact of treatment with Oralair®, Grazax®, Pangramin®, Pollinex Quattro®, and symptomatic drug treatment (SDT) on clinical effects and healthcare costs in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis. Methods: The effects of 3 years of drug treatment on quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) and associated costs were assessed using a health economic Markov model with a 9-year time horizon. Symptom score data were extracted, and the relative efficacy on QALYs was assessed through a network meta-analysis (i.e. indirect comparison) of 3-year, placebo-controlled, clinical trial data. Patient symptom scores were translated into the impact on quality of life by means of published sources. Costs associated with drug treatment and other healthcare resources were calculated. The incremental costs and QALYs gained for Oralair® relative to Grazax®, Pangramin®, Pollinex Quattro® and SDT were generated accordingly. The uncertainty around the model outcomes was determined by means of sensitivity analyses. Results: The base case analysis over 9 years estimates an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of € 9517 per QALY, € 9703 per QALY, and € 6931 per QALY for Oralair® relative to SDT, Pollinex Quattro ®, and Pangramin®, respectively. Meanwhile, Oralair® was predicted to result in more QALYs and considerable cost savings relative to Grazax®. The sensitivity analyses suggest that results were mostly driven by drug-specific SMD values, duration of the pollen season, and inputs for immunotherapy discontinuation. Conclusion: Oralair® is cost-effective relative to Grazax, Pangramin, Pollinex Quattro and SDT in a health economic assessment of Spanish clinical practice. Findings are confirmed by extensive sensitivity analyses.
Impact of allergen immunotherapy on quality of life and healthcare costs in adults and children with grass polleninduced allergic rhinitis in Germany; Objective: A health economic assessment, reflective of German clinical practice, was conducted to determine the relative impact of treatment with Oralair®, Grazax®, Alutard ® or symptomatic drug treatment (SDT) on clinical effects and healthcare costs in adults and children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis. Methods: The effects of 3 years of drug treatment on quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) and associated costs were assessed using a health economic Markov model with a 9-year time horizon. Symptom score data were extracted, and the relative efficacy on QALYs was assessed through a network meta-analysis (i.e. indirect comparison) of 3-year, placebo-controlled, clinical trial data in adults and children. Patient symptom scores were translated into the impact on quality of life by means of published sources. Costs associated with drug treatment and other healthcare resources, including Statutory Health Insurance payments and patient co-payments, were calculated. The incremental costs and QALYs gained for Oralair ® relative to Grazax®, Alutard®, and SDT were generated accordingly. The uncertainty around the model outcomes was determined by means of sensitivity analyses. Results: In adults, the analysis predicted more QALYs for Oralair® relative to Grazax® (0.014) and Alutard® (0.028), combined with cost savings of €1272 and €129 per patient, respectively. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio was estimated at €15 503 per QALY relative to SDT. Similar results were observed in children, with the exception of Alutard® (lack of data). The sensitivity analyses suggest that results were mostly driven by drugspecific clinical effects on symptom score, drug costs, inputs for immunotherapy discontinuation, and length of the pollen season. Conclusion: Oralair® is cost-effective relative to Grazax®, Alutard® and SDT in adults and children in a health economic assessment of German clinical practice. Findings are confirmed by extensive sensitivity analyses.
Comparison of long term effect of perennial and preseasonal SCIT of seasonal allergic rhinitis patients with hypoallergenic grass pollen extracts; Background: The incidence of allergic rhinitis has increased steadily during the last 20 years. The inability of patients to avoid pollen allergens during the season and the variable efficacy of symptomatic treatments insure that allergen immunotherapy (AIT) retains a place as the only causal method of the treatment. The aim of our study was to evaluate the long term efficacy of perennial immunotherapy in comparison with preseasonal one. Method: An open comparative study was conducted with a total of 37 hay fever patients. Pre-seasonal subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) was performed in a group of 22 patients (mean age 24.4 ± 4.6 years) and perennial treatment in 15 patients (mean age 23.8 ± 4.3 years). The diagnosis was made on the basis of a detailed clinical history, skin prick tests and asIgE serum level estimation. We used for SCIT hypoallergenic extract of rye and grass pollen (Allergopharma, Reinbek, Germany). Symptom's medication score (sms) was recorded by all patients. The efficacy of AIT was estimated by sms after completion of therapy and 15 years later. Results: Significant reduction of symptoms medications score was observed both just after completion the therapy and 15 years later. However long lasting effect was more pronounced in the group of patients treated with the perennial schedule. SMS after 3 years of AIT in perennial AIT group was reduced from 8.6 to 2.6 and in preseasonal AIT group from 8.2 to 3.6 (P < 0.05). SMS after 15 years was 3.9 in perennial AIT group and 5.1 in preseasonal one. There were no differences in number of side effects between investigated group of patients. Significant lower number of new sensitisation and new asthma development was recorded 15 years after discontinuation of AIT in patients underwent perennial immunotherapy. Conclusion: Perennial in comparison to preseasonal SCIT showed higher clinical benefit. particularly in terms of long-lasting efficacy.
Short-Term Preseasonal Immunotherapy: Is Early Clinical Efficacy Related to the Basophil Response?; Background: An aluminum hydroxide-adsorbed depot allergoid preparation of six-grass pollen allergens has been developed for short-term preseasonal immunotherapy in pollinosis. However, only limited knowledge exists about its immunological and clinical effects. The aim of this study was to evaluate the basophil response, which can explain early clinical findings of short-term preseasonal allergoid immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis. Methods: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 31 patients allergic to grass pollens received one course of short-term preseasonal allergoid immunotherapy or placebo. Immunogenicity was assessed by the levels of specific IgG4, IgE antibodies and an allergen-induced CD203c basophil activation test. The primary clinical end point was the combined symptom and medication score/average combined score (ACS). Results: There was a 52.9% difference in ACS between the treatment and placebo groups in favor of immunotherapy (p = 0.01). Active treatment induced Phleum pratense-specific IgG4 and IgE antibodies (p < 0.05). A decrease in allergen-induced basophil activation at submaximal allergen concentrations was demonstrated at the end of immunotherapy and at the peak of the grass pollen season after immunotherapy. Conclusions: This study shows that grass pollen-allergic patients treated with one course of short-term preseasonal allergoid immunotherapy exhibit a decrease in allergen-induced basophil activation, an increase in allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies and early clinical improvement. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Estimation of health-related utility (EQ-5D index) in subjects with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to evaluate health gain associated with sublingual grass allergen immunotherapy; Background: Grass allergen immunotherapy (AIT) reduces symptom severity in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) but its impact on general health-related utility has not been characterised for the purposes of economic evaluation. The aim of this study was to model the preferred measure of utility, EQ-5D index, from symptom severity and estimate incremental quality adjusted life years (QALYs) associated with SQ-standardised grass immunotherapy tablet (GRAZAX®, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark).Methods: Data were analysed from five consecutive pollen seasons in a randomised placebo controlled trial of GRAZAX®. Binomial and Gaussian mixed effects modelling related weekly EQ-5D index score to daily symptom and medication scores (DSS & DMS respectively). In turn, daily EQ-5D index was estimated from ARC symptoms and medication use.Results: DSS and DMS were the principal predictors of 'perfect' health (EQ-5D = 1.000
Depigmented-polymerised allergoids favour regulatory over effector T cells: Enhancement by 1α, 25-dihydroxyvitamin D3; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (SIT) is the only treatment for allergic disease capable of modifying disease long term. To reduce the risk of anaphylaxis from SIT, allergen-extracts have been modified by polymerisation with glutaraldehyde to reduce IgE binding. It is suggested that these allergoid extracts also have reduced T cell activity, which could compromise clinical efficacy. Effective SIT is thought to act through regulatory T cells (Tregs) rather than activation of effector T cells. There is no published data on the activity of modified extracts on Tregs.Results: We compared the capacity of modified (depigmented-polymerised) versus unmodified (native) allergen extracts of grass pollen and house dust mite to stimulate proliferation/cytokine production and to modulate Treg/effector T cell frequency in cultures of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC), from volunteers sensitised to both allergens in vitro. Depigmented-polymerised allergen extracts stimulated less proliferation of PBMC, and reduced effector cell numbers after 7 days in culture than did native extracts. However, the frequency of Foxp3+ Tregs in cultures were similar to those seen with native extract so that ratios of regulatory to effector T cells were significantly increased in cultures stimulated with depigmented-polymerised extracts. Addition of 1α, 25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 further favoured Treg, and reduced effector cytokine production, but not interleukin-10.Conclusions: Depigmented-polymerised allergen extracts appear to favour Treg expansion over activation of effector T cells and this may relate to their demonstrated efficacy and safety in SIT. 1α, 25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 further reduces effector T cell activation by allergen extracts and may be a useful adjuvant for SIT. © 2014 Urry et al.
A meta-analysis of sublingual allergen immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy in pollen-induced seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The capacity of sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) to provide effective symptom relief in pollen-induced seasonal allergic rhinitis is often questioned, despite evidence of clinical efficacy from meta-analyses and well-powered, double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trials. In the absence of direct, head-to-head, comparative trials of SLIT and symptomatic medication, only indirect comparisons are possible.Methods: We performed a meta-analysis of classes of products (second-generation H1-antihistamines, nasal corticosteroids and grass pollen SLIT tablet formulations) and single products (the azelastine-fluticasone combination MP29-02, and the leukotriene receptor antagonist montelukast) for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis in adults, adolescents and/or children. We searched the literature for large (n >100 in the smallest treatment arm) double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trials. For each drug or drug class, we performed a meta-analysis of the effect on symptom scores. For each selected trial, we calculated the relative clinical impact (according to a previously published method) on the basis of the reported post-treatment or season-long nasal or total symptom scores: 100 × (scorePlacebo - scoreActive)/scorePlacebo.Results: Twenty-eight publications on symptomatic medication trials and ten on SLIT trials met our selection criteria (total number of patients: n = 21,223). The Hedges' g values from the meta-analyses confirmed the presence of a treatment effect for all drug classes. In an indirect comparison, the weighted mean (range) relative clinical impacts were -29.6% (-23% to -37%) for five-grass pollen SLIT tablets, -19.2% (-6% to -29%) for timothy pollen SLIT tablets, -23.5% (-7% to -54%) for nasal corticosteroids, -17.1% (-15% to -20%) for MP29-02, -15.0% (-3% to -26%) for H1-antihistamines and -6.5% (-3% to -10%) for montelukast.Conclusions: In an indirect comparison, grass pollen SLIT tablets had a greater mean relative clinical impact than second-generation antihistamines and montelukast and much the same mean relative clinical impact as nasal corticosteroids. This result was obtained despite the presence of methodological factors that mask the clinical efficacy of SLIT for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis. © 2014 Devillier et al.
Usefulness of micro-arrays technology in ethiological diagnosis of eosinophilic esophagitis; Background: Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is an immune-mediated disease of the esophagus characterized by symptoms related to esophageal disfunction and histollogically by an eosinophil- predominat inflammation. Multiple therapies have been suggested to be helpful in EoE including endoscopic dilation, medical therapy and withdrawal dietary. However, the election of what food should be excluded is very difficult. Component-resolved diagnosis and microarray technology have been recently introduced into clinical allergy practice, and may be particularly useful in food-sensitized allergic patients. We used microarrays methods in EoE to find specific food proteins or epitopes possibly implicated in this disease. Methods: We studied 42 patients suffering from EoE diagnosed by clinical symptoms and endoscopic biopsy esophageal with > 15 eosinophils/high-powered field. Microarray technique (Thermofisher scientific), including detection of 112 allergens were performed in these 42 patients and in 50 allergic controls with pollen sensitization but with no digestive symptoms. Results: Only 7 of the 42 patients that suffered from EoE did not present any allergen sensitization. All control patients presented sensitization to different pollen allergens without any predominant allergen. Nevertheless, among the 35 patients with EoE and with response to any allergen, the predominant were nCyn d 1 (Cynodon dactylon or Bermuda grass pollen) 59.5 %, and the following allergens: Lipid transfer proteins (LTPs) from peach (26.2%), hazelnut 26.1% and mugwort 23.8%. Profilins were positive in 9.5% of the patients. Among nuts, allergens from hazelnut and walnut (21.4%) were the most important. Other food allergens as Anisakis, egg or milk, only were positive in 9.5%, 2.3 and 4.7% respectively. Conclusion: High sensitization to vegetable allergens is relevant among patients with EoE. The most important implicated allergens are LTPs (usually associated to severe allergic response) from nuts and fruits and antigen 1 from Cynodon dactylon. Our patients are being treated with exclusion of the implicated food and pollen specific immunotherapy with preliminary favourable results.
Efficacy and safety of MK-7243: A grass allergy sublingual immunotherapy tablet evaluated in canadian adults and children; Rationale: The effect of MK-7243 (2800 BAU ]∼15 μg of Phleum pratense[, Merck/ALK-Abelló ), a sublingual Timothy grass immunotherapy tablet, has been evaluated in three randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials in North American adults and children who have allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C). We investigated the effect of MK-7243 in Canadians. Methods: Data from Canadians from the three trials were used in this investigation: P05238 (adults ≥18 y
Down-regulation of FcεRI-mediated CD63 basophil response during short-term VIT determined venom-nonspecific desensitization; Background: We recently showed a desensitization of FceRI-mediated basophil response after short-term VIT. Our aim was to evaluate the allergen specificity of this desensitization. Methods: In 11 Hymenoptera-venom double positive subjects, basophil threshold sensitivity (CD-sens) to anti-FceRI, honeybee, and Vespula venom was assessed at the beginning and just before the first maintenance dose (MD) of single ultra-rush VIT. In some patients we also monitored CD-sens to rApi m 1 and/or rVes v 5 or other co-sensitizations (i.e., grass pollen). In additional 7 patients, basophils were stripped and sensitized with house dust mite (HDM) IgEs at the same time points. Results: We demonstrated a marked reduction of CD-sens to anti-FceRI and VIT-specific venom before the first MD in all 18 subjects included. Furthermore, in 10 out of 11 double positive subjects, a significant and comparable decrease before the first MD was also evident for non-VIT venom
Economic evaluation of SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (Grazax®) in children; Background: Grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis is a common allergic respiratory disorder affecting over 20% of the UK population in terms of quality of life and sleep, work, and school patterns. The SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) has been demonstrated as a disease-modifying treatment which gives a sustained effect even after completion of a treatment course. The objective of this study was to provide an economic assessment of whether treatment with the SQ-standardized grass AIT, Grazax® (Phleum pratense) in combination with symptomatic medications is preferable to the standard of care using symptomatic medications only. The analysis was performed for children with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without concomitant asthma, in the UK. Methods: The model evaluated the two treatment regimens in a cohort of 1,000 children from a payer's perspective. Treatment was modeled in terms of management of symptoms, impact on resource use, and development of allergic asthma. The analysis modeled the use of SQ-standardized grass AIT and the sustained effects of treatment over a 9-year time horizon (ie, 3 years of treatment, with modeled long-term benefits). Data inputs were drawn from a recent clinical trial, published studies, and databases. Results: SQ-standardized grass AIT improves patient outcomes, generating an incremental cost per quality-adjusted life year gained of £12,168. This is below commonly accepted thresholds in the UK. Conclusion: The resulting incremental cost per QALY falls below commonly accepted willingness to pay thresholds. Therefore, the SQ-standardized grass AIT is a cost-effective option for the treatment of grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis in the UK pediatric population. © 2014 Ronaldson et al.
Peptide based immunotherapy: A pivotal tool for allergy treatment; Immunotherapies with T-cell epitope peptides have shown a promising impact over allergic diseases as a potential therapeutic tool in in vitro and in vivo conditions. It is recognized as an effective treatment with long lasting clinical effects and subsequent reduction of the allergic inflammatory reactions. In this review, we have summarized the role of peptide based immunotherapy and emphasis has been given to the recent advancement in pollen, cat, hymenoptera venom, and food allergy. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Increased allergen-specific IgG4 levels are linked to suppressed IgE titers when analysed by ISAC but not by immunocap; Allergen specific immunotherapy (ASIT) is the only disease modifying treatment of allergic diseases. A key element in the protective effect is thought to be induction of a specific IgG4 response leading to a decrease in the IgE-mediated allergic symptoms. The effect of ASIT can be ascertained by provocation or skin prick testing. IgE measurement by ImmunoCAP is a sensitive standard procedure for allergy diagnosis and this has recently been supplemented by a single allergen array (ISAC), which employs significantly lower amounts of allergen and may have different assay dynamics. 24 subjects suffering from allergic rhinitis due to grass pollen allergy were stratified on basis of sensitivity in a basophil activation test, to receive standard subcutaneous immunotherapy (n=18) or to an open control group (n=6). Allergen specific IgE and IgG4 was measured at baseline and when reaching maintenance dose by using both the quantitative ImmunoCAP for Phl p1 and Phl p5 and the chip-based semi-quantitative ISAC method (Phl p 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 11 and 12). Data are presented as mean and 95% CI. ASIT treatment reduced self-reported symptoms from 10,7 to 5,5 (p=0,0001). ASIT increased allergen specific IgG4 levels, both by ISAC (from 0,3 to 5,0 ISAC specific units (ISU) (Δ 4,7 ISU
In-print of the environment on the molecular sensitisation profile towards pollen allergens revealed by allergen micro-array; Background: The green area in Tashkent-city in Uzbekistan has been re-organized during the last two decades. It covers approximately 35% of the total area and includes classical vegetation present in Central Asia such as saltwort and newly planted species such as Bermuda grass. The knowledge of the molecular sensitization profiles of allergic patients is essential for the correct treatment with allergen specific immunotherapy but has not been established for allergic patients in the Central Asian area. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the IgE-sensitization profile towards pollen allergens in patients with respiratory allergy from Tashkent. Methods: Fifty adult patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma were tested using an allergen micro-array containing 112 different allergen molecules (ImmunoCAP ISAC
The patient's hay-fever diary: Three years of results from Germany; The patient's hay-fever diary (PHD) is a newly developed, internet-based tool for self-documentation of pollen-induced symptoms (eyes, nose and airways), general well-being and medication use. In Germany, more than 1,600 users made over 60,500 reports in 3 years (2009-2011). An analysis of these reports reveal that the nose symptom "sneezing" is the most commonly reported (3/10 of reports), followed by eye symptom "itching" and nose "blocked". In addition, medication use follows a similar pattern every year, with tablets being the most commonly used medication type (up to 60 % of the reports made in the years 2009 and 2011). Temporal variations in overall symptoms and organ-specific symptom scores are found to be associated with atmospheric concentrations of birch and grass pollen. Data from the PHD can be analysed with the aid of various mathematical methods and may provide information about symptoms and their severity for pollen-allergic sufferers. They may also be valuable for clinical studies in immunotherapy with pollen extracts. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media.
Review of the use of sublingual allergen immunotherapy in children; Allergic diseases are common in pediatrics and can be caused by seasonal pollens, specifically grass, trees, and weeds. In many European countries, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is an accepted form of treatment for allergic rhinitis. However, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not yet approved its use in the United States. This review focuses on the use of SLIT in the form of allergen immunotherapy tablet and liquid droplet to treat allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis caused by both grass and ragweed pollens in pediatric patients. © Copyright 2014, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2014.
Sublingual immunotherapy for asthma: Affects T-cells but does not impact basophil activation; Objective: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the unique modifying treatment of atopic diseases. Dysregulation of T-cell apoptosis plays a crucial role in the in the development of asthma. Nevertheless, the effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on T-cell apoptosis has not been elucidated. The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of 1 year of SIT in atopic children on the frequency of Th1 and Th2 cells in peripheral blood, on T-cell apoptosis, and on the response of basophils to allergen challenge. Methods: Children suffering from bronchial asthma were treated with SLIT for 12 months (Staloral 300). Basophil activation was evaluated by measurement of CD203c antigen expression. Th1 and Th2 cells frequencies and their associated frequencies of apoptosis by the expression of Bcl-2 were evaluated with flow cytometry. Results: Basophil activation showed no difference in response before and after therapy. The frequency of Th1 cells increased (p=0.01, n=19), whereas the frequency of Th2 cells remained stable. Additionally, a significant increase of Bcl-2 positive Th1 cells was found (p=0.0465, n=19). Conclusions: We conclude that the increase in frequency of Th1 cells secondary to SLIT might be associated with increased resistance to apoptotic signals. The basophil activation is not useful in evaluation of patient desensitization. © Copyright 2014, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2014.
Dissection of the IgE and T-cell recognition of the major group 5 grass pollen allergen Phl p 5; Background The major timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 5 belongs to the most potent allergens involved in hay fever and asthma. Objective This study characterized immune-dominant IgE- and T-cell-recognition sites of Phl p 5. Methods Seven peptides, P1 to P7 with a length of 31 to 38 amino acids that spanned the Phl p 5 sequence, were synthesized, characterized by circular dichroism spectroscopy, and tested for IgE reactivity, basophil activation, and T-cell reactivity. Carrier-bound peptides were studied for their ability to induce IgG antibodies in rabbits which recognize Phl p 5 or cross-reactive allergens from different grass species. Peptide-specific antibodies were tested for the capability to inhibit IgE reactivity to Phl p 5 and allergen-induced basophil activation of patients with allergy. Results The peptides exhibited no secondary structure and showed no IgE reactivity or relevant allergenic activity, indicating that Phl p 5 IgE epitopes are conformational. Except for P3, peptide-specific IgG antibodies blocked IgE binding to Phl p 5 of patients with allergy and cross-reacted with temperate grasses. IgE inhibition experiments and molecular modeling identified several clustered conformational IgE epitopes on the N- as well as C-terminal domain of Phl p 5. P4, which stimulated the strongest T-cell and cytokine responses in patients, was not part of the major IgE-reactive regions. Conclusion Our study shows an interesting dissociation of the major IgE- and T-cell-reactive domains in Phl p 5 which provides a basis for the development of novel forms of immunotherapy that selectively target IgE or T-cell responses. © 2013 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
Specific immunotherapy modifies allergen-specific CD4+ T-cell responses in an epitope-dependent manner; Background Understanding the mechanisms by which the immune system induces and controls allergic inflammation at the T-cell epitope level is critical for the design of new allergy vaccine strategies. Objective We sought to characterize allergen-specific T-cell responses linked with allergy or peripheral tolerance and to determine how CD4+ T-cell responses to individual allergen-derived epitopes change over allergen-specific immunotherapy. Methods Timothy grass pollen (TGP) allergy was used as a model for studying grass pollen allergies. The breadth, magnitude, epitope hierarchy, and phenotype of the DR04:01-restricted TGP-specific T-cell responses in 10 subjects with grass pollen allergy, 5 nonatopic subjects, and 6 allergy vaccine-treated subjects was determined by using an ex vivo peptide-MHC class II tetramer approach. Results CD4+ T cells in allergic subjects are directed to a broad range of TGP epitopes characterized by defined immunodominance hierarchy patterns and with distinct functional profiles that depend on the epitope recognized. Epitopes that are restricted specifically to either TH2 or TH1/TR1 responses were identified. Allergen-specific immunotherapy was associated with preferential deletion of allergen-specific TH2 cells and without a significant change in the frequency of TH1/TR1 cells. Conclusions Preferential allergen-specific TH2 cell deletion after repeated high-dose antigen stimulation can be another independent mechanism to restore tolerance to allergen during immunotherapy. © 2013 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
P85-Asthmatic children and adolescents treated in daily medical practice-results from a 2-year sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) study with grass pollen tablets; Background: The aim of this non-interventional study was to document the impact of a sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with Oralair 5-grass pollen tablets (Stallergenes, France) on symptom severity (rhinitis, conjunctivitis, asthma), use of symptomatic medication and tolerability in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) over 2 years of routine medical practice treatment. This poster focuses on the subgroup of asthmatic children (4-11 yrs) and adolescents (12-17 yrs). Methods: This prospective, open, non-controlled, non-interventional, multicenter study was conducted from September 2010 to October 2012 in Germany. Overall 1.482 patients (93 asthmatic children (6.2%), 73 asthmatic adolescents (4.9%)) participated in the study. The patients rated their symptoms as a combined score of severity (scale: 0 [none] - 3 [severe]) and frequency (scale: 0 [none] - 4 [very often]). In the combined RC score, the severity of rhinitis and conjunctivitis were pooled (scale: 0 [none] - 6 [severe]). In the asthma score, the severity and the frequency were pooled (scale: 0 [none] - 7 [severe]). Results: During the season preceding AIT treatment 93/ 92% of children/ adolescents with asthma had used symptomatic medication for RC symptoms. This rate dropped to 64/ 68% (1st season) and to 57/ 41% (2nd season). Likewise the RC score in these patients decreased from 4.06/ 4.13 to 1.86/ 1.82 (1st year) and to 1.33/ 1.59 (2nd year). Also the asthma score was reduced from 3.36/ 3.55 to 1.24/ 1.51 (1st year) to 0.71/ 1.13 (2nd year). An improvement in health status after two years of treatment was documented by 96/ 96%. Adverse events occurred in 19.4/ 17.8% over two years of treatment. The incidence of non-fatal serious adverse events was 3.2/ 0.0%. At the end of the 2nd season, 96/ 96% evaluated the tolerability of the 5-grass pollen tablets as very good or good. Conclusion: Based on the study results, AIT with Oralair 5-grass pollen tablets was well tolerated by children and adolescents with asthma in routine medical practice. Symptomatic medication for RC symptoms use was significantly reduced. The asthma- and the RC score were also reduced significantly after one and two years under treatment with Oralair 5-grass pollen tablets compared to the season preceding AIT.
Use of paper filter discs for measurement of local biomarkers of nasal mucosal inflammation; Background: Allergic rhinitis has been characterized by an important local mucosal inflammation. Therefore we aimed to measure mucosal immunoglobulins and tryptase in nasal secretions by means of paper filter discs in allergic rhinitis (AR) patients in comparison to controls. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the suitability of this approach for use in future clinical trials. Methods: Nasal secretions from 12 patients with AR to grass pollen and 12 healthy controls were collected. Two pre-weighed filter discs were placed bilaterally under direct visualization on the anterior third of the nasal septum. Five minutes later, they were removed and weighted again. After adding 2 ml 0,9% NaCl solution to the discs and centrifugation, the nasal secretions were stored in aliquots at -20°C until analysis. Biomarkers such as total IgE, grass pollen specific (gx3) IgE, total IgG, IgG4 and tryptase were measured. Patients with AR were selected based on symptoms during the grass pollen season and based on a positive skin prick test for grass pollen. Control patients were healthy patients without rhinological or allergic disease and with negative skin prick test to the standard panel of allergens. Results: In nasal secretions of AR patients, significant higher levels of total IgE (43.13 kU/l [2.83-75.36] vs 1.66 kU/l [1.66-3.21] resp., P=0.006), grass pollen specific IgE (14.11 kU/l [2.30-24.56] vs 1.66 kU/l [1.66-1.66] resp., P=0.001) and tryptase (33.67 μg/l [8.28-85.07] vs 8.28 μg/l [8.28-8.28], P=0.032) were found compared to controls. Total IgG levels tend to be lower in AR patients compared to controls (182.62 mg/l [86.04-314.56] vs 256.17 mg/l [192.67-457.25], P=0.288) and the levels of IgG4 were rather similar in both groups (12.87 mg/l [4.79-53.48] vs 16.75 mg/dl [3.36-33.26], P=0.833). Conclusions: We were able to measure different biomarkers of nasal mucosal inflammation in nasal secretions collected by means of paper filter discs. As this approach is considerably less invasive and requires less expertise than nasal biopsy, and as -in this small sample- patients with AR had significant higher levels of total IgE, specific IgE and tryptase compared to healthy controls, this method seems to be suitable for monitoring local mucosal inflammation in allergic rhinitis.
Sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis: Series of cases; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been regarded as a viable alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) since its introduction in 1986. Several studies have demonstrated the efficacy of SLIT. The safety profile of SLIT is superior to that of SCIT. No fatalities have been reported, and severe systemic reactions are rare. The rate of adverse event (AE) after SLIT is variable in the reported studies, but local AEs are predominant. Systemic side effects such as rhinitis, asthma, urticaria, angioedema, and hypotension make up a minority of the adverse reactions because local reactions (oropharyngeal or gastrointestinal) are most frequently reported. Objectives: To determine the efficacy and safety of SLIT in allergic rhinitis patients treated in our clinic. Methods: This is a descriptive, observational an retrospective study that included all the records files of private practice patients during the last 2 years with allergic rhinitis sensitized to aeroallergens (mites, grass and weeds pollen) confirmed by positive skin prick test, to which SLIT was initiated by a daily scheme in maintenance doses and then all of the patients being evaluated monthly searching for adverse reactions. Results: A total of 20 patients were included, with ages from 4 to 35 years (average of 12.3 years), 11 (55%) females and 9 (45%) males, from which 17 (85%) were children's and 3 (15%) adults, all with the diagnose of allergic rhinitis, the average time with SLIT was 21 months (+/- 9.4) finding important clinical improvement in all patients from the symptoms of allergic rhinitis. No adverse reaction was found, neither systemic or local at any time. All patients stick to their treatment with a complete scheme of SLIT. Conclusions: SLIT demonstrated to be a secure and efficient in this group of patients, both pediatric and adults with allergic rhinitis with nonadverse reactions and with significant clinical improvement.
Possible therapeutic potential of a recombinant group 2 grass pollen allergen-specific antibody fragment; The induction of blocking IgG antibodies that compete with IgE for allergen binding is one important mechanism of allergen-specific immunotherapy. The application of blocking antibodies may be an alternative treatment strategy. A synthetic gene coding for a single-chain fragment (ScFv) specific for the major timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 2 was inserted into plasmid pCANTAB 5 E, and the recombinant ScFv was expressed in Escherichia coli and purified by affinity chromatography. The ScFv was tested for allergen binding by ELISA, and its association and dissociation were measured by surface plasmon resonance (Biacore) technology. The ability of the ScFv to inhibit allergic patients' IgE binding to Phl p 2 and Phl p 2-induced basophil degranulation was studied by ELISA competition and basophil activation (CD203c) assays. We report the expression, purification, biochemical and immunological characterization of a monomeric single-chain fragment (ScFv) of human origin specific for the major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 2. The Phl p 2-ScFv showed high affinity binding to the allergen and blocked the binding of allergic patients' polyclonal IgE to Phl p 2 up to 98%. Furthermore, it inhibited allergen-induced basophil activation. The Phl p 2-ScFv inhibited allergic patients' IgE binding to Phl p 2 as well as Phl p 2-induced basophil activation and might be useful for passive immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet, MK-7243: A large randomized controlled trial; Background In North America, few studies have evaluated sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C)
A subset of novel timothy grass antigens is associated with marked th1/th2 shifts following specific immunotherapy; RATIONALE: T cells play an important role in the pathogenesis of allergic diseases. Here we tested a set of 822 novel Timothy grass (TG) peptides previously found to elicit Th2 responses in allergic donors for T cell reactivity in patients who received specific immunotherapy (SIT) treatment. METHODS: A set of recently identified TG peptides from 93 novel TG proteins were screened for T cell reactivity in PBMCs from allergic and SIT treated donors by ELISPOT and intracellular cytokine staining. IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, IFNg and IL-10 production was determined. RESULTS: Strong Th2 cytokine production detected in response to peptides from several novel antigens in allergic donors was significantly reduced in donors who had received SIT. This data was used to select 20 strongly modulated peptides that were tested as a pool in an additional independent cohort of 20 allergic and 20 SIT treated donors by ELISPOT and ICS.A significant decrease in Th2 cytokine production and an increase of INFg was detected in SIT donors. Further analysis demonstrated that the selected pool of peptides and associated antigens is predicted to provide substantial population coverage in diverse ethnicities. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings demonstrate that the significant decrease in Th2 responses reported to accompany specific immunotherapy is not limited to responses targeting major known IgE-binding allergens but is also observed for recently discovered novel Timothy grass antigens. Since most of these antigens lack IgE reactivity in allergic donors, they may present promising candidates for specific immunotherapy.
Grass pollen immunotherapy: Impaired allergen-induced nasal and cutaneous responses correlate with overall seasonal symptom scores and are associated with suppressed local th2 cytokines in nasal fluid; RATIONALE: We previously optimised grass pollen nasal allergen challenge and measurement of Th2 cytokines in nasal fluid (Scadding et al, J Immunol Methods 2012
Efficacy of short ragweed sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-T) in mono-sensitized and poly-sensitized subjects; RATIONALE: Immunotherapy may be less effective in allergic rhinitis with/without conjunctivitis (AR/C) patients with multiple sensitizations. However, this was not observed in recent trials with standardized timothy-grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-T), MK-7243 (Merck/ALK
Magnitude of changes in patient symptom and medication scores in grass allergy immunotherapy trials: Dependency on levels of pollen exposure; RATIONALE: While symptomatic therapy trials for seasonal allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C) begin while subjects have symptoms, pollen immunotherapy trials generally begin treatment preseasonally and assess efficacy during seasonal exposure. We investigated the impact of pollen exposure variability on magnitude of recorded immunotherapy treatment effect. METHODS: Data from 7 North American and European randomized placebo-controlled trials of standardized Timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT-T), MK-7243 (Merck/ALK
EQ-5D health utility values in the treatment of seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis; RATIONALE: Standard clinical efficacy endpoints in allergen immunotherapy trials include the daily Rhinoconjunctivitis Symptom Score (RSS) and daily Rhinoconjunctivitis Medication Score (RMS). However, measurement of subjects' QoL in terms of health utility is also necessary to characterise changes in health status. In this study, we aimed to determine a relationship between standard efficacy endpoints and the health utility. METHODS: Data from a 5-year DBPC phase III trial (GT-08, ALK, Denmark) in subjects with grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis were analysed. During each pollen season, subjects recorded daily their RSS and RMS and weekly the EQ-5D index. A two-stage model was constructed: 1) binomial modelling of subjects with “perfect health” (EQ-5D utility51) and 2) Gaussian modelling of EQ-5D utilities< 1. The utility during each grass pollen season was calculated as area under the curve. RESULTS: A total of 16,690 weekly and 137,792 daily EQ-5D observations were recorded over the trial period. The binomial model showed the daily RSS and RMS to be the two most important predictors of “perfect health” (RSS: OR=0.729
The effects of pollen season on reactions to subcutaneous immunotherapy; RATIONALE: It is common practice to hold build-up dosing of subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT) during pollen season. We hypothesized that build-up dosing during pollen season, as compared to held dosing, would not increase the rate of adverse reactions to SCIT. METHODS: A prospective, blinded, randomized study was conducted over four months in northeast Ohio. Subjects ≥5 years old on build-up phase of SCIT for tree and/or grass pollens were randomized to one of two groups: build-up SCIT dosing (Group 1) or held SCIT dosing (Group 2) through the pollen seasons. Each SCIT visit was analyzed for immediate and delayed reactions via patient questionnaire. RESULTS: 47 patients were randomized
Aeroallergen immunotherapy reduces wheal diameter in seasonal and perennial allergen intradermal skin tests; RATIONALE: Aeroallergen Immunotherapy (IT) is used to relieve persistent symptoms of allergic rhinitis, asthma, and allergic conjunctivitis. This study determines efficacy of IT in desensitizing patients to certain allergens. We hypothesize IT treatment would show decreases in wheal diameter in seasonal and perennial allergen intradermal skin tests (SKT). METHODS: 29 year retrospective chart review on 180 patients ages 18- 91years, who had >2 SKT. 120 patients received IT of northeastern pollens, dust mites, and animal danders
A critical appraisal of analyzing nasal provocation test results in allergen immunotherapy trials; Background: The statistical analysis of nasal provocation tests is very complex. We compared the conventional analysis with the maximally selected test statistics and the hierarchical ordered logistic model. Methods: We re-analyzed data from a trial with 112 patients suffering from grass pollen allergy. The patients had been randomized to receive either intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) or subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Results: The conventional analysis indicated that the logarithmized ratio between the pre- and the post-treatment threshold concentration was significantly lower for ILIT than for SCIT. The maximally selected test statistics was used to test different threshold symptom scores that would imply positive clinical symptoms at the given allergen concentration. A threshold score of 3 maximised the difference in improvement between the ILIT and the SCIT groups. The hierarchical ordered logistic model does not take threshold allergen concentrations as the basis for analysis, but the single scores measured at each concentration. This approach simultaneously considers the treatment effect (ILIT versus SCIT), the time effect (pre- versus post-treatment), and the dose effect (different allergen concentrations). The hierarchical ordered logistic model revealed that the clinical improvement was greater after ILIT than after SCIT. Conclusion: As the choice of method can affect the outcome, guidelines for analysis are highly needed.
The use of single versus multiple antigens in specific allergen immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: Review of the evidence; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) targets the IgE-mediated response to specific allergen(s). Accordingly, a monosensitized patient would be the ideal candidate for AIT. However, most patients are polysensitized
Sublingual immunotherapy for aeroallergens: Status in the United States; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been used in the treatment of allergic disease for nearly 30 years and is prescribed at least as frequently as subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Several large U.S. clinical trials using single allergen tablets (grass and ragweed) or extract solution (ragweed) have met their primary clinical efficacy outcome. In December, 2013 the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) Allergenic Products Advisory Committee favorably reviewed two grass tablet product formulations
Immunological comparison of allergen immunotherapy tablet treatment and subcutaneous immunotherapy against grass allergy; Background: IgE-mediated allergic rhinitis to grass pollen can successfully be treated with either allergen immunotherapy tablets (SLIT tablet) or SQ-standardized subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). The efficacy of these two treatment modalities for grass allergy is comparable, but the immunological mechanisms may differ. ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT01889875. Objectives: To compare the immunological changes induced by SQ-standardized SCIT and SLIT tablet. Methods: We randomized 40 individuals with grass pollen rhinitis into groups receiving SCIT, SLIT tablet, or neither and followed them for 15 months with regular serum measurements of specific IgE, IgG4, IgE-blocking factor, facilitated antigen presentation (FAP), and basophil activation test (BAT). Nasal challenges were used to assess changes in nasal sensitivity. Results: After 15 months of treatment IgG4, IgE-blocking factor, FAP, and BAT values differed significantly in both SCIT and SLIT-tablet treatment groups when compared to the control group. Both SCIT and SLIT-tablet groups were significantly different from the control group after 1-3 months of treatment. In general, the changes induced by SCIT reached twice that of SLIT tablet, with the exception of specific IgE where SLIT tablet induced initial threefold increase compared with SCIT. A slight but significant increase in IgE and BAT after season was seen only in the control group. Significant differences between SCIT and SLIT tablet were observed early, but the differences diminished with the length of treatment, especially for FAP inhibition. Conclusions: Both SCIT and SLIT tablet induce significant changes in specific antibodies (IgE and IgG4) and competition assays (IgE-blocking factor, FAP, and BAT). Overall, SCIT induced larger (two- to threefold) changes than SLIT tablet, with the exception of FAP, where SLIT tablet showed a gradual increase ending at the same level as SCIT. Maximal change was generally reached after 3 months' treatment. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Immunostimulatory effects of etiolated wheat grass, triticum aestivum L. on dexamethasone induced immunosuppressed albino rats; Objective: Present work explore the immune stimulatory effects of fresh etiolated wheat grass juice (FEGJ) in dexamethasone induced immunosuppressed albino rat through study of neutrophil adhesion percentage and phagocytic efficiency via carbon clearance test. Methods: Albino rats of both sexes were divided into four group (n=6). Group I (NC) was kept as normal control. Group II (ISC) animals were injected intra peritoneally with dexamethasone phosphate (5mg/kg) twice a day for 5 days and kept as immune suppressed control. Group III (FEGJ 20ml/kg) and Group IV (FEGJ 40 ml/kg) both were injected intraperitoneally with dexamethasone phosphate (5mg/kg) twice a day for 5 days. After this, from 5th to 15th day, animals were orally administrated with FEGJ at the dose of 20ml/kg and 40 ml/kg respectively. Results: In dexamethasone induced immune suppressed, FEGJ treated groups (FEGJ 20ml/kg and FEGJ 40ml/kg) significant increase in neutrophil adhesion percentage and significant decrease in mean carbon clearance time were observed. Conclusion: Fresh etiolated wheat grass juice show promising immune stimulatory activity and reversed the dexamethasone induce immune suppression.
Sublingual immunotherapy: What we can learn from the European experience; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review the recent European studies on sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). SLIT is currently widely used in Europe and is gaining popularity in the United States. RECENT FINDINGS: Longer treatment with SLIT compared with subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is needed to reduce the rhinitis symptoms in house dust mite (HDM) allergic children. SLIT appears to be well tolerated and effective for treating rhinitis and asthma in children, adults, and the elderly. Studies on HDM, grass, and ragweed have demonstrated posttreatment efficacy in both monosensitized and polysensitized patients. SUMMARY: SLIT has been shown to be an effective treatment for airway allergies, and recent studies give support for the use of SLIT as the first choice for allergy treatment compared with medication and SCIT. The use of SLIT may potentially improve the compliance of allergen immunotherapy and may make allergy treatment more accessible and well tolerated. © 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy increases plasma gelsolin levels; Background: It has been observed that patients with allergic asthma/rhinitis have increased apoptosis of peripheral blood cells. This study was designed to explore the idea that the markers of apoptosis may help predict the response of allergen immunotherapy. Methods: The Allergy Department of University Hospital, Malmö, Sweden, recruited a total of 58 young adults (<35 years) with a history of birch pollen/grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis. Their diagnoses were verified by positive skin-prick tests and the presence of serum-specific immunoglobulin E antibodies toward birch and/or grass pollen. Plasma samples were obtained from 34 patients before the start of immunotherapy and 24 patients after treatment. The control group consisted of 38 nonallergic individuals. The levels of plasma gelsolin, soluble forms of Fas (sFas) and Fas ligand (Fas-L), the chemokine CCL17 (thymus- and activation-regulated chemokine), and tissue inhibitor of metalloprotease (TIMP) 1, were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: In patients receiving immunotherapy plasma gelsolin levels were higher relative to those without immunotherapy (the median level was 23.97 μg/mL [range, 18-35.8 μg/mL] versus 21.2 μg/mL [range, 13.9-29.8 μg/mL]
Immunotherapy reduces CD40L expression and modifies cytokine production in the CD4 cells of pollen allergy patients; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only intervention for IgE-mediated respiratory disorders. Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate the immunological modifications induced by SIT in patients allergic to olive and/or grass pollen by attempting to establish an association between these modifications and clinical improvements. Methods: We studied 29 patients who were allergic to olive and/or grass pollen. Patients were randomized to 2 groups: an active treatment group, comprising 19 allergic patients who received SIT, and a control group, formed by 10 allergic patients who received pharmacological treatment for their allergic symptoms but not immunotherapy. We used flow cytometry to analyze intracellular expression of the cytokines IL-4, IFN-γ, IL-10, and TGF-β1 in CD4+ T cells, as well as expression of Foxp3, the costimulatory CTLA-4 molecule, and the non-costimulatory CD40L molecule. To assess clinical changes, patients recorded their medication consumption, symptoms, and the limitation of daily activities using diary cards and quality of life questionnaires. Results: Six months after initiation of SIT, we recorded a reduction in cell surface CD40L expression in the CD4+ T-cell population and a shift in the cytokine production profile (decrease in IL-4-producing CD4+ T cells and increase in IFN-γ, IL-10, and TGF-β1). These changes persisted after 12 months. Simultaneously, a clinical improvement was observed. Conclusions: SIT-induced clinical improvement is the result of immunological modifications such as a reduction in CD40L expression on CD4 cells and alteration in the cytokine production profile. © 2014 Esmon Publicidad.
Sublingual five-grass pollen tablets (Oralair®): A guide to their use as allergen immunotherapy for grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Sublingual 300 IR five-grass pollen allergen extract tablets (Oralair®) are a valuable option in patients with grass-pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Allergen immunotherapy with sublingual five-grass pollen tablets beginning 4 months before and continuing throughout the grass pollen season reduces the symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and the use of symptomatic rescue medications during the pollen season. Precautions should be followed to minimize the risk of systemic and local allergic reactions that may occur with allergen immunotherapy. © 2014 Springer International Publishing.
Molecular approach to allergy diagnosis and therapy; Presently, allergy diagnosis and therapy procedures are undergoing a transition phase in which allergen extracts are being step-by-step replaced by molecule-based products. The new developments will allow clinicians to obtain detailed information on sensitization patterns, more accurate interpretation of allergic symptoms, and thus improved patients' management. In this respect, recombinant technology has been applied to develop this new generation of molecule-based allergy products. The use of recombinant allergens allows full validation of identity, quantity, homogeneity, structure, aggregation, solubility, stability, IgE-binding and the biologic potency of the products. In contrast, such parameters are extremely difficult to assay and standardize for extract-based products. In addition to the possibility of bulk production of wild type molecules for diagnostic purposes, recombinant technology opened the possibility of developing safer and more efficacious products for allergy therapy. A number of molecule-based hypoallergenic preparations have already been successfully evaluated in clinical trials, bringing forward the next generation of allergy vaccines. In this contribution, we review the latest developments in allergen characterization, molecule-based allergy diagnosis, and the application of recombinant allergens in therapeutic setups. A comprehensive overview of clinical trials using recombinant allergens as well as synthetic peptides is presented. © Yonsei University College of Medicine 2014.
A model for the determination of pollen count using Google search queries for patients suffering from allergic rhinitis; The transregional increase in pollen-associated allergies and their diversity have been scientifically proven. However, patchy pollen count measurement in many regions is a worldwide problem with few exceptions. Methods. This paper used data gathered from pollen count stations in Germany, Google queries using relevant allergological/biological keywords, and patient data from three German study centres collected in a prospective, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, multicentre immunotherapy study to analyse a possible correlation between these data pools. Results. Overall, correlations between the patient-based, combined symptom medication score and Google data were stronger than those with the regionally measured pollen count data. The correlation of the Google data was especially strong in the groups of severe allergy sufferers. The results of the three-centre analyses show moderate to strong correlations with the Google keywords (up to >0.8 cross-correlation coefficient, P < 0.001) in 10 out of 11 groups (three averaged patient cohorts and eight subgroups of severe allergy sufferers: high IgE class, high combined symptom medication score, and asthma). Conclusion. For countries with a good Internet infrastructure but no dense network of pollen traps, this could represent an alternative for determining pollen levels and, forecasting the pollen count for the next day. © 2014 Volker König and Ralph Mösges.
Negative clinical results from a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy of two doses of immunologically enhanced, grass subcutaneous immunotherapy despite dose-dependent immunological response; Objective: Specific immunotherapy is the only treatment for the underlying allergic disease in patients with respiratory allergies. The primary objective of this trial was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of two maintenance doses of immunologically enhanced, standardised quality (SQ+) grass subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) [4,000 SQ+ and 15,000 SQ+
Immunotherapy in allergy and cellular tests: State of art; The basophil activation test (BAT) is an in vitro assay where the activation of basophils upon exposure to various IgE-challenging molecules is measured by flow cytometry. It is a cellular test able to investigate basophil behavior during allergy and allergy immunotherapy. A panoply of critical issues and suggestive advances have rendered this assay a promising yet puzzling tool to endeavor a full comprehension of innate immunity of allergy desensitization and manage allergen or monoclonal anti-IgE therapy. In this review a brief state of art of BAT in immunotherapy is described focusing onto the analytical issue pertaining BAT performance in allergy specific therapy. © 2014 Landes Bioscience.
New developments in the treatment of pediatric allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis; The primary care physician is the first line of treatment for allergic rhinitis, which affects approximately one-fourth of children in the United States. There is an increasing trend toward self-management by patients or parents due to high-deductible insurance plans and the over-the-counter availability of allergy medications. The primary care physician can offer guidance on appropriate selection of medications and potential adverse effects. Vitamin D deficiency has been proposed as a potential contributing factor in patients with allergic diseases, and studies are underway to determine whether supplementation with vitamin D is helpful for these conditions. Sublingual immunotherapy has recently received US Food and Drug Administration approval for grass and ragweed allergens
Long-term intense exposure to grass pollen can mask positive effects of allergenic immunotherapy on non-specific bronchial hyperresponsiveness; Introduction: There are many potential factors that can modulate bronchial reactivity, including exposure to allergens, viral infections, and medications. The aim of this study was to analyze the effect of grass pollination intensity on the bronchial reactivity in seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) patients subjected to subcutaneous allergenic immunotherapy (SCIT). Material and methods: This study, performed between 2005 and 2008, included 41 patients with confirmed sensitivity to grass pollens and predominating symptoms of SAR, randomly assigned to desensitization by pre-seasonal or maintenance SCIT. Bronchial provocation challenge with histamine was performed before the onset of immunotherapy, and repeated three times after each pollen season covered by this study. Bronchial reactivity was analyzed with regard to grass pollination intensity in 2005-2008 (air concentration of grass pollen grains, seasonal number of days when air concentration of grass pollen reached at least 20 or 50 grains per 1 m3). Results: After 3 years of SCIT, a significant decrease in bronchial responsiveness was observed in the analyzed group as confirmed by an increase in PC20 FEV1 histamine values (p = 0.001). An inverse tendency was observed after 2 years of SCIT, however. This second year of SCIT corresponded to the 2007 season, when a significantly higher number of days with at least 50 grains of pollen per 1 m3 of air was recorded. Conclusions: Fluctuations in pollination intensity observed during consecutive years of immunotherapy can influence bronchial reactivity in patients subjected to SCIT (ISRCTN Register: ISRCTN 86562422). Copyright © 2014 Termedia & Banach.
Grass tablet sublingual immunotherapy downregulates the TH2 cytokine response followed by regulatory T-cell generation; Background Sublingual administration of Phleum pratense allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets is a clinically efficient treatment for grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. This immunotherapy downregulates T H2 immune responses, induces tolerogenic pathways, and increases regulatory T cells. However, associated immune response markers of allergen desensitization remain undefined. Objective We sought to characterize the kinetics of individual changes in the immunologic response to grass tablet SLIT. Methods We evaluated the systemic effects of SLIT in a longitudinal analysis of humoral and cellular immune parameters in peripheral blood samples. Results Grass tablet SLIT administration induced a 2-phase systemic humoral and cellular response. The TH2 response was initially exacerbated and detected as increased allergen-specific IgE (sIgE) and IgG4 (sIgG4) levels and an increase in IL-4-producing cells, followed by downregulation of the TH2 response with a shift toward a TH1 cytokine profile. T cells with a regulatory phenotype were also elicited. Statistical correlations between immunologic measurements for each patient throughout therapy indicated that TH2 response downregulation and reduction of the immediate SLIT-induced IgE response were associated with increased allergen-specific IgG4 synthesis early in therapy. TH2 response downregulation by month 4 correlated with increased frequency of CD4+ T cells with a regulatory phenotype by 12 months. Conclusion Changes in sIgE levels after therapy were linked to a specific IgG4 response, and production of blocking antibodies correlated with TH2 response downregulation. Reduced IL-4+ cell frequency was linked to an increase in the frequency of CD4+ T cells with a regulatory phenotype. Changes in sIgE levels and reduced IL-4 and blocking antibody levels could thus be used as indicators of a patient's immune response to therapy. © 2013 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Sublingual or subcutaneous immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis: An indirect analysis of efficacy, safety and cost; Rationale, aims and objectives The standard of preventive care for poorly controlled seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) is subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with allergen extracts, administered in a physician's office. As an alternative to SCIT, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is now an option for patients with seasonal AR. Oralair™, a SLIT tablet containing freeze-dried allergen extracts of five grasses [cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata), meadow grass (Poa pratensis), rye grass (Lolium perenne), sweet vernal grass (Anthoxanthum odoratum) and timothy grass (Phleum pratense)], and Grazax™, a SLIT tablet containing a standardized extract of grass pollen allergen from timothy grass (P pratenase), are two such agents currently available in many countries. However, head-to-head comparative data are not available. In this study, an indirect comparison on efficacy, safety and cost was undertaken between Oralair™, Grazax™ and SCIT. Methods A systematic review was conducted for double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trials evaluating Oralair™, Grazax™ or SCIT in patients with grass-induced seasonal AR. Using placebo as the common control, an indirect statistical comparison between treatments was performed using meta regression analysis with active drug as the primary independent variable. An economic analysis, which included both direct and indirect costs for the Canadian setting, was also undertaken. Results Overall, 20 placebo-controlled trials met the study inclusion criteria. The indirect analysis suggested improved efficacy with Oralair™ over SCIT [standardized mean difference (SMD) in AR symptom control = -0.21
Magnitude of efficacy measurements in grass allergy immunotherapy trials is highly dependent on pollen exposure; Background: The objective was to evaluate the association between grass pollen exposure, allergy symptoms and impact on measured treatment effect after grass sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet treatment. Methods: The association between grass pollen counts and total combined rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication score (TCS) was based on a post hoc analysis of data collected over six trials and seven grass pollen seasons across North America and Europe, including 2363 subjects treated with grass SLIT-tablet or placebo. Daily pollen counts were obtained from centralized pollen databases. The effect of treatment on the relationship between the TCS and pollen counts was investigated, and the relative difference between grass SLIT-tablet and placebo as a function of average grass pollen counts was modelled by linear regression. Results The magnitude of treatment effect based on TCS was greater with higher pollen exposure (P < 0.001). The relative treatment effect in terms of TCS for each trial was correlated with the average grass pollen exposure during the first period of the season, with predicted reduction in TCS = 12% + 0.35% × pollen count (slope significantly different from 0, P = 0.003
House dust mite sublingual immunotherapy is safe and appears to be effective in moderate, persistent asthma; Background The efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy in house dust mite-induced asthma have yet to be firmly established. We report the results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial performed in mainland China. Methods After a three-month baseline period, 484 asthmatic adults were randomized 2: 1 to 12 months of daily treatment with either an aqueous, standardized, 300 index of reactivity mixture of Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and Dermatophagoides farinae extracts or a placebo. The primary efficacy criterion was well-controlled asthma for at least 16 of the last 20 weeks of treatment. Results In the active (n = 308) and placebo (n = 157) groups, well-controlled asthma was achieved by 85.4% and 81.5% of the patients, respectively (P = 0.244). A subsequent post hoc analysis by asthma severity revealed significant clinical benefits in actively treated subjects with moderate, persistent asthma at baseline [401-800 μg budesonide/day (n = 175)], with greater achievement of well-controlled asthma (80.5% and 66.1% for the active treatment and placebo groups, respectively
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study in elderly patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: This study evaluates the safety and efficacy of specific sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) against grass pollen allergens in patients >60 years of age with seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) and/or asthma. This study sought to assess nasal symptoms during the grass pollen season, reduce medication use, and monitor adverse reactions during immunotherapy.
A milestone in house dust-mite-allergen immunotherapy: The new sublingual tablet S-524101 (actair); Subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy has long been used in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and/or asthma and its efficacy has been confirmed. However, due to the discomfort of injections and the risk of severe adverse reactions, alternative routes of allergen administration have emerged. Delivery of allergens through the mucosal route had been proposed and investigated thoroughly, confirming the sublingual route to be the most efficacious. Later, the efficacy and safety of this route have been documented by numerous controlled trials both for house dust mite (HDM) and pollens. Recently, sublingual orodispersable grass pollen allergen tablets were in use followed by the newly developed HDM allergen tablets with satisfactory clinical results: Moreover, very recently 1 year of HDM tablet treatment was demonstrated to exert its clinical efficacy 1 year after discontinuation of tablet IT. The persistence of efficacy after only 1 year of treatment is a new and promising era. Currently, Sublingual Immunotherapy is the most easily administered and safe treatment option until more immunogenic, less allergenic and more efficient allergen extracts are developed.
High-resolution crystal structure and IgE recognition of the major grass pollen allergen Phl p 3; Background: Group 2 and 3 grass pollen allergens are major allergens with high allergenic activity and exhibit structural similarity with the C-terminal portion of major group 1 allergens. In this study, we aimed to determine the crystal structure of timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 3, and to study its IgE recognition and cross-reactivity with group 2 and group 1 allergens. Methods: The three-dimensional structure of Phl p 3 was solved by X-ray crystallography and compared with the structures of group 1 and 2 grass pollen allergens. Cross-reactivity was studied using a human monoclonal antibody which inhibits allergic patients' IgE binding and by IgE inhibition experiments with patients' sera. Conformational Phl p 3 IgE epitopes were predicted with the algorithm SPADE, and Phl p 3 variants containing single point mutations in the predicted IgE binding sites were produced to analyze allergic patients' IgE binding. Results: Phl p 3 is a globular β-sandwich protein showing structural similarity to Phl p 2 and the Phl p 1-C-terminal domain. Phl p 3 showed IgE cross-reactivity with group 2 allergens but not with group 1 allergens. SPADE identified two conformational IgE epitope-containing areas, of which one overlaps with the epitope defined by the monoclonal antibody. The mutation of arginine 68 to alanine completely abolished binding of the blocking antibody. This mutation and a mutation of D13 in the predicted second IgE epitope area also reduced allergic patients' IgE binding. Conclusion: Group 3 and group 2 grass pollen allergens are cross-reactive allergens containing conformational IgE epitopes. They lack relevant IgE cross-reactivity with group 1 allergens and therefore need to be included in diagnostic tests and allergen-specific treatments in addition to group 1 allergens.
A high polymerized grass pollen extract is efficacious and safe in a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study using a novel up-dosing cluster-protocol; Background: Cluster immunotherapy represents an interesting alternative to conventional up-dosing schedules because it allows achieving the maintenance dose within a shorter time interval. In this study, the efficacy and safety of cluster immunotherapy with a high polymerized allergen extract of a grass/rye pollen mixture have been evaluated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study. Methods: In total, 121 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen were randomized 1:1 to verum or placebo group. A short cluster up-dosing schedule of only 1 week was applied to achieve the maintenance dose which was administered monthly during the study period of 1 year. Total combined symptom and medication score (TCS) was defined as primary outcome parameter. Secondary outcome parameters were individual symptom and medication scores, 'well days,' global improvement as well as immunological effects and nasal allergen challenge. The safety profile was evaluated based on the European academy of allergy and clinical immunology grading system. Results: Significant reduction in the verum compared to the placebo group (intention-to-treat, population, verum: n = 55
Scientific foundations of allergen-specific immunotherapy for allergic disease; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) was described as a therapeutic option for the treatment of allergies >100 years ago. It is based on administration of allergen extracts and leads to the development of clinical allergen tolerance in selected patients. According to current knowledge, AIT results in the restoration of immune tolerance toward the allergen of interest. It is mainly accompanied by the induction of regulatory and suppressive subsets of T and B cells, the production of IgG4 isotype allergen-specific blocking antibodies, and decreased inflammatory responses to allergens by effector cells in inflamed tissues. Currently, AIT is mainly applied subcutaneously or sublingually and is suitable for both children and adults for pollen, pet dander, house dust mite, and venom allergies. It not only affects rhinoconjunctival symptoms but also has documented short- and long-term benefits in asthma treatment. Clinically, a fast onset of tolerance is achieved during desensitization, with a tolerable amount of side effects. The disease modification effect leads to decreased disease severity, less drug usage, prevention of future allergen sensitizations, and a long-term curative effect. Increasing safety while maintaining or even augmenting efficiency is the main goal of research for novel vaccine development and improvement of treatment schemes in AIT. This article reviews the principles of allergen-specific immune tolerance development and the effects of AIT in the clinical context.
Sublingual allergen immunotherapy for respiratory allergies: What is new?; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a disease-modifying treatment for respiratory allergies that has been used for many years in Europe and has also recently been approved for use in North America. Its use is thus likely to increase. There is more evidence available regarding SLIT efficacy and its good safety profile, making it an appealing treatment option. The majority of studies have mostly focused on grass pollens
Standardized sublingual allergen extract solution (Staloral®): a guide to its use as allergen-specific immunotherapy; Sublingual administration of standardized allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is a valuable option in the treatment of aeroallergen-induced allergies. Staloral® is a solution containing standardized extracts of allergens (e.g. house-dust mites, pollens, moulds or animal danders) at different and increasing concentrations. It is administered under the tongue via a pre-dosed actuator, held for 2 min and then swallowed. In clinical trials in children and/or adults with allergic symptoms induced by house-dust mites or various types of grass, weed or tree pollens, AIT with Staloral® significantly reduced allergy symptoms and the use of symptomatic rescue medications, and was well tolerated.
Oral/sublingual phleum pretense grass tablet (Grazax/Grastek) to treat allergic rhinitis in the USA; With the approval of two grass tablets and one ragweed tablet for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) by the US FDA in April 2014, the practice of allergy immunotherapy (AIT) in the USA has dramatically changed. Until this time, there were no approved allergen extracts for sublingual administration and physicians who prescribed SLIT for their patients did so without full knowledge of proper dosing or assurance of its safety. Now sublingual allergen tablets are available that have proven safe and effective doses. This article describes, in detail, the studies that have been conducted with a timothy grass SLIT tablet and draws some comparisons to the alternative 5-grass SLIT tablet. It also attempts to predict what will be the impact of the introduction of these tablets on the practice of AIT in the USA over the next few years.
300IR 5-Grass pollen sublingual tablet offers relief from nasal symptoms in patients with allergic rhinitis; Background: 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets have been approved for the treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR) with or without conjunctivitis in adults and children >5 years with grass pollen allergy. This study was designed to review data on nasal symptoms with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets in adults and children. Methods: We reviewed data from four double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials. Two groups of patients who received a daily dose of either placebo or 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets starting 4 months before the expected start of the pollen season and continuing through the season were compared (analysis of covariance) for scores of sneezing, rhinorrhea, nasal pruritus, nasal congestion, total nasal symptom score (TNSS), and adult Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) scores. Results: Data for 266 children (one pediatric trial) and 1036 adults (three trials) were analyzed. Compared with the placebo groups, mean TNSS in the 300IR groups was lower by 22% in children and 19-36% in adults. Among the four nasal symptoms, the lowest scores relative to placebo were for nasal congestion in children (31%) and adults (43%). Mean adult RQLQ scores were 21-31% lower in the 300IR group than in the placebo group. Conclusion: Allergen immunotherapy with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets was consistently associated with AR symptom relief in adults and children and provided a clinically meaningful improvement in quality of life.
Analysis of sensitization patterns of pollen allergic patients from west bohemia region; Molecular diagnosis of allergy is a modern approach which enables new insights into the sensitization profiles of allergic patients. Microarray technology provides detection of sensitization to a higher number of molecules in frame of one test. We used this tool in the sensitization analysis to pollen derived molecules in patients coming from our region. 1096 patients sensitized to at least one pollen derived molecule were included into the analysis. The most frequent sensitization rate (80.8%) was found to grass pollen derived molecules (Phl p 1 66.3%), the second most frequent (54.9%) was to betulaceae pollen derived molecules (Bet v 1 52.5%). Sensitization rates to cupressaceae and plane tree pollen derived molecules were observed unexpectedly frequently (in 14.0%, resp. 15.3%). Sensitization rates to other pollen derived molecules were in the expected ranges. Sensitizations to cross-reacting molecules (panallergens) were observed less frequently than reported from southern countries. Molecular diagnosis of allergy gives a more precise and comprehensive insight into the sensitization profile of a patient, allowing better understanding of the sensitization process, and the explored data may help to the optimization of allergen specific immunotherapy.
An observational, real-life safety study of a 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in children and adolescents; Background: The safety and efficacy of pre- and coseasonal sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) with a 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet have been demonstrated in a randomized clinical trial (RCT) in children and adolescents. Observational, 'real-life' studies can usefully complement the results of RCTs. Methods: A prospective, open-label, observational, multicentre post-marketing study of children and adolescents (aged 5-17, with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis) treated with the 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet was performed between June 2009 and January 2011 in Germany. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded during consultations with the investigating physicians
Preventive sublingual immunotherapy in preschool children: First evidence for safety and pro-tolerogenic effects; Background: Prevention of new IgE sensitizations has been described during allergen-specific immunotherapy. However, prospective data using a preventive approach in very young children who would benefit most are missing. We initiated a prospective pilot study investigating the safety, immunomodulatory, and sensitization-preventive effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in mono/oligoclonally sensitized, clinically asymptomatic children 2-5 yr of age. Methods: In this double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled pilot study, 31 mono-/oligosensitized children to house-dust mite or grass pollen were included. SLIT with the respective source (n = 15) or placebo (n = 16) was applied. After dose-up-phase therapy was continued for 2 yr. Parents recorded clinical events, vaccinations, and drug intake in a diary. Skin prick testing and specific IgE and IgG measurements were recorded at baseline, 12 and 24 months. At the same time, allergen-specific proliferation and IL10- and TGFβ-dependent Treg function were measured. Results: Preventive application of SLIT in young children was safe (no relevant side effects in 21,170 single applications). After 12 and 24 months of treatment, the rate of allergen-specific sensitization (specific IgE and SPT reactivity) was comparable in the treatment and the placebo group. However, verum-treated patients displayed a significant up-regulation of allergen-specific IgG (p < 0.05). Furthermore, IL10-dependent inhibition (p < 0.05) was observed in vitro in the treatment group but not in the placebo group. Conclusion: Preventive SLIT is safe in children 2-5 yr of age and induces regulatory mechanisms involving allergen-specific IgG and IL10. Based on this pilot study, large-scale trials will need to investigate the modulation of sensitization and clinically relevant allergy.
Accelerated up-dosing of subcutaneous immunotherapy with a registered allergoid grass pollen preparation; Background: Climatic changes causing early pollen flight and new allergens prolonging the pollen season render up-dosing of allergen-specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) outside the pollen season considerably more difficult. In addition, for patients with multiple pollen allergies, patients coming near the beginning of pollen season, and patients who wish to up-dose faster, an accelerated induction regimen would be helpful. Methods: In an open, randomized, parallel group, multicenter safety trial, an accelerated up-dosing regimen (0.1-0.3-0.5 ml in weekly intervals) was compared to conventional up-dosing (0.05-0.1-0.2-0.3-0.4-0.5 ml in weekly intervals) with an allergoid grass pollen SCIT preparation. After up-dosing, the maintenance dose was given in monthly intervals. Results: A total of 146 adult patients with rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis with or without mild asthma (FEV<inf>1</inf> >70%) due to grass pollen were randomized to either the conventional registered up-dosing or an accelerated regimen. In both groups (accelerated regimen, n = 69
Allergen-specific immunotherapy; Specific immunotherapy was introduced for the treatment of grass pollen-induced hay fever in 1911. The treatment was soon extended to other pollens as well as perennial allergens, and to the treatment of bronchial asthma. Definitive studies of its efficacy for both rhinitis and asthma came only many decades later. Understanding gradually emerged of the underlying immunologic mechanisms that include the generation of regulatory T lymphocytes, immune deviation from allergen-specific Th2 to Th1 responses, and a shift in allergen-specific antibody production from immunoglobulin (Ig) E to IgG4. Along with understanding of the immune basis came an appreciation that immunotherapy modifies allergic disease expression, producing protection against disease progression and symptomatic improvement that persists for years after the treatment is discontinued. Recent new directions for immunotherapy include sublingual administration of inhalant allergens and use of the oral route to treat food allergy.
Current status of sublingual immunotherapy in the United States; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) use in the United States to date has been limited, despite common use and demonstrated efficacy elsewhere in the world. This is largely in part due to lack of FDA-approved SLIT products, lack of established dosing and administration guidelines, and cost concerns. Several recent studies have demonstrated efficacy and safety of two sublingual grass tablets and one ragweed tablet approved by the FDA, and one sublingual ragweed liquid currently pending FDA approval. With FDA approved SLIT products, there will be numerous challenges to the allergist and patient in deciding whether to pursue SLIT or SCIT (subcutaneous immunotherapy) for allergic rhinitis. This review highlights the current state of SLIT in the United States, and expected future directions.
The influence of sublingual immunotherapy on several parameters of immunological response in children suffering from atopic asthma and allergic rhinitis depending on asthma features; RESULTS: No association between the influence of one-year sublingual immunotherapy on immunological system and patients' age, polysensitisation, asthma treatment step, or coexistence of any other atopic diseases was observed. However, an increase of the Th1 percentage in children sensitised against more than three allergens was found more often (at the limit of statistical significance) than in the group of children sensitised against three or less allergens.
Mechanisms of allergen-specific immunotherapy and novel ways for vaccine development; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only available curative treatment of allergic diseases. Recent evidence provided a plausible explanation to its multiple mechanisms inducing both rapid desensitization and long-term allergen-specific immune tolerance, and suppression of allergic inflammation in the affected tissues. During SIT, peripheral tolerance is induced by the generation of allergen-specific regulatory T cells, which suppress proliferative and cytokine responses against the allergen of interest. Regulatory T cells are characterized by IL-10 and TGF-beta secretion and expression of important cell surface suppressive molecules such as cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 and programmed death-1 that directly or indirectly influence effector cells of allergic inflammation, such as mast cells, basophils and eosinophils. Regulatory T cells and particularly IL-10 also have an influence on B cells, suppressing IgE production and inducing the production of blocking type IgG4 antibodies. In addition, development of allergen-specific B regulatory cells that produce IL-10 and develop into IgG4 producing plasma cells represent essential players in peripheral tolerance. These findings together with the new biotechnological approaches create a platform for development of the advanced vaccines. Moreover, reliable biomarkers could be selected and validated with the intention to select the patients who will benefit most from this immune-modifying treatment. Thus, allergen-SIT could provide a complete cure for a larger number of allergic patients and novel preventive approaches need to be elaborated. © 2013 Japanese Society of Allergology.
The placebo effect in allergen-specific immunotherapy trials; Background: Double-blind, placebo-controlled (DBPC) trials are the gold standard for demonstrating clinical efficacy and tolerability. The placebo effect, although an important feature in placebo-controlled studies, has never been systematically investigated in allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) studies. This study was performed to examine the placebo response in SIT trials that employed a baseline observational period and two treatment years using a symptom-medication-score (SMS) as the primary endpoint. Methods: The placebo effect was evaluated in six DBPC SIT studies (five studies using subcutaneous SIT (SCIT) and one sublingual (SLIT)), two grass, two birch and two house dust mite (HDM) SIT, including a total of 472 adult patients treated with a placebo. The results were reported as changes from baseline of the SMS area under the curve after two years of perennial placebo therapy during the respective evaluation periods. Pollen counts and IgG4 levels were additionally analysed. Results: Subcutaneously treated placebo patients displayed a marked decrease in the SMS. The mean placebo effect in the SCIT trials with comparable allergen exposure was up to 41% in the second treatment year and, in contrast, reached only 1% in the SLIT trial. Allergen exposure had an inverse influence on the placebo effect. No changes from baseline in allergen specific IgG4 antibodies were observed in the placebo-treated patients. Conclusions: SIT studies display a significant placebo effect, mainly observed in subcutaneous immunotherapy, with high variability depending on the route of application and allergen exposure. Our findings indicate the differential role of the placebo effect in SIT efficacy depending on the route of administration and pollen exposure.
Allergen immunotherapy and allergic rhinitis: False beliefs; Background: Over the last 100 years, several persistent misconceptions or 'false beliefs' have built up around allergen immunotherapy and its use in allergic rhinitis. This is perhaps because enthusiastic physicians administered complex allergen extracts to a diverse population of patients suffering from heterogeneous atopic conditions. Here, we review evidence that counters seven of these 'false beliefs.'Discussion: 1. The symptoms of allergic rhinitis can be more heterogeneous, more severe and more troublesome in everyday life than many physicians believe. Large-scale epidemiological surveys show that the majority of allergic rhinitis patients have at least one symptom severe enough to interfere with sleep quality, productivity and/or well-being. 2. Allergen immunotherapy is not necessarily suitable for all allergic rhinitis patients (notably those with mild symptoms). Recent evidence from double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials suggests that the more severe the disease, the greater the treatment effect. 3. Allergen immunotherapy is often accused of lack of efficacy (relative to pharmacotherapy, for example). However, there are now many meta-analyses, systematic reviews and high-quality clinical trials that find overwhelmingly in favor of the efficacy of allergen immunotherapy (including sublingual formulations) in allergic rhinitis induced by pollen and, increasingly, other allergens. 4. Natural-exposure and challenge-chamber trials have shown that symptom relief may become apparent within months or even weeks of the initiation of allergen immunotherapy. 5. In pollen-induced allergic rhinitis, several years of subcutaneous or sublingual allergen immunotherapy are associated with sustained clinical efficacy after subsequent treatment cessation - confirming the disease-modifying nature of this therapy. 6. Most patients seeking treatment for allergic rhinitis are polysensitized, and allergen immunotherapy has proven efficacy in large, robust clinical trials in these groups. Polysensitization is not a contraindication to allergen immunotherapy. 7. Sublingual allergen immunotherapy is safe for home administration. A recent review calculated that 1 billion doses were administered worldwide between 2000 and 2010 and found that the 11 case reports of anaphylaxis (all non-fatal) corresponded to non-standard practice.Summary: Modern, evidence-based medicine has generated more than enough robust evidence to remove misconceptions about allergen immunotherapy and allergic rhinitis. © 2013 Calderón et al.
Association between a low IgE response to Phl p 5 and absence of asthma in patients with grass pollen allergy; Background: The introduction of component-resolved diagnosis was a great advance in diagnosis of allergy. In particular, molecular allergy techniques allowed investigation of the association between given molecular profiles and clinical expression of allergy. We evaluated the possible correlation between the level of specific IgE (sIgE) to single components of Phleum pratense and clinical issues such as the severity of allergic rhinitis (AR) and the presence or absence of asthma. Methods: The study included 140 patients with rhinitis and/or asthma caused by sensitization to grass pollen. sIgE to Phl p 1, Phl p 5, Phl p 7, and Phl p 12 from Phleum pratense were measured, and the correlation between the stage of AR according to Allergic Rhinitis and its Impact on Asthma (ARIA) guidelines and the presence of asthma was studied by multivariate logistic regression in terms of sIgE and ARIA stage, while univariate logistic regression was used for IgE and a dichotomic classification of asthma as present or absent. Results: Ten patients had intermittent AR, 48 had mild persistent AR, and 82 had severe persistent AR. Asthma was present in 86 patients and absent in 54. A significant correlation was found between severe persistent AR and presence of asthma (p < 0.01). The only significant correlation between clinical data and sIgE values was that of low values of sIgE to Phl p 5 and absence of asthma (p < 0.01). Conclusions: This preliminary finding suggests that low values of sIgE to Phl p 5 are correlated with the absence of asthma in patients with grass-pollen induced allergy. The data, provided they are confirmed by further studies, could be useful when selecting patients who are candidates for allergen immunotherapy, since a higher risk of asthma could be used as a selection criterion for using this approach.
5-grass pollen tablets achieve disease control in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis unresponsive to drugs: A real-life study; Background: An important subpopulation in allergic rhinitis is represented by patients with severe form of disease that is not responsive to drug treatment. It has been reported that grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy is effective in drug-resistant patients. In a real-life study, we evaluated the efficacy of 5-grass pollen tablets in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis not responsive to drug therapy. Methods: We carried out this multicenter observational study in adults and adolescents with grass-induced allergic rhinitis not responsive to drug therapy who were treated for a year with 5-grass pollen tablets. Clinical data collected before and after sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) included Allergic Rhinitis and its Impact on Asthma (ARIA) classification of allergic rhinitis, response to therapy, and patient satisfaction. Results: Forty-seven patients entered the study. By ARIA classification, three patients had moderate to severe intermittent allergic rhinitis, ten had mild persistent allergic rhinitis, and 34 had moderate to severe persistent allergic rhinitis. There were no cases of mild intermittent allergic rhinitis before SLIT. After SLIT, 33 patients had mild intermittent allergic rhinitis, none had moderate to severe intermittent allergic rhinitis, seven had mild persistent allergic rhinitis, and seven had moderate to severe persistent allergic rhinitis. The mean medication score decreased from 4.2±1.3 before to 2.4±2.0 after SLIT (P<0.01), representing a reduction of 42%. The response to treatment before SLIT was judged as poor by 70% of patients and very poor by 30%. Patient satisfaction was significantly increased after SLIT (P<0.01). Conclusion: In real life, most patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis not responsive to drug treatment can achieve control of the condition with one season of treatment using 5-grass pollen tablets. © 2013 Pastorello et al.
Sublingual immunotherapy: The U.S. experience; Purpose of review It is likely that approval of allergen preparations for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) will soon occur in the United States. This article reviews experience with SLIT in this country, concentrating on the large, multicenter trials that will provide the evidence of safety and efficacy necessary to obtain that approval. Recent findings Large multicenter trials have been conducted with both grass and short ragweed. In five single-season studies with sublingual grass tablets, usually starting 4 months prior to and continuing through the pollen season, the combined symptom medication score was improved 20-28% relative to placebo-treated individuals. Short ragweed tablets, initiated 4 months prior to and continued through the pollen season, reduced symptom/medication scores by 24-26%. Similar results have been reported with short ragweed aqueous extract administered sublingually. To date, there has been only one small study each with house dust mite and cat allergen extracts. All of these studies were conducted with a single allergen. One small study, comparing timothy alone to the same dose of timothy combined with nine other pollen extracts, raised still unanswered questions regarding the efficacy of SLIT with multiple allergen mixes. Summary SLIT is coming to the United States. There will be approved allergen preparations for which the appropriate dosing for efficacy and safety has been established. It would be inappropriate to use the evidence generated by these large studies to justify off-label use of allergen extracts approved for injection or the administration of multiple allergen preparations sublingually. Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
New approaches to transcutaneous immunotherapy: Targeting dendritic cells with novel allergen conjugates; Purpose of review This review summarizes recent preclinical and human studies evaluating allergen-specific immunotherapy via the transcutaneous route, and provides a rationale for the application of modified allergens with reduced allergenicity. Furthermore, it covers approaches to generate hypoallergenic conjugates for specific dendritic cell targeting. Recent findings Efficacy and safety of specific immunotherapy by application of allergens to the skin have been demonstrated in both animal models as well as clinical trials. However, localized adverse events have been reported, and delivery of antigens via barrier-disrupted skin has been linked to the induction of unwanted T helper 2-biased immune responses and allergic sensitization. Coupling of carbohydrates to allergens has been shown to induce formation of nanoparticles, which can specifically target dendritic cells and potentiate immune responses, and by masking B-cell epitopes, can render the molecules hypoallergenic. Summary Due to its abundance of immunocompetent cells, the skin represents an attractive target tissue for novel and enhanced immunotherapeutic approaches. However, in order to avoid adverse events and therapy-induced sensitizations, transcutaneous immunotherapy requires the use of formulations with reduced allergenic potential. Combining novel hypoallergenic conjugates with painless transcutaneous immunization techniques may provide an efficient and patient-friendly alternative to the standard specific immunotherapy practices. Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Evaluation of stability of allergen extracts for sublingual immunotherapy during transport under unfavourable temperature conditions with an innovative thermal insulating packaging; Many pharmaceutical and biotechnological products are temperature-sensitive and should normally be kept at a controlled temperature, particularly during transport, in order to prevent the loss of their stability and activity. Therefore, stability studies should be performed for temperature-sensitive products, considering product characteristics, typical environmental conditions, and anticipating environmental extremes that may occur during product transport in a specific country. Staloral products for sublingual immunotherapy are temperature sensitive and are labelled for maintenance under refrigerated conditions (2-8°C). Given the peculiar climatic context of Italy and the great temperature fluctuations that may occur during transport, this study was aimed at evaluating the impact of a new engineered thermal insulating packaging for Staloral. In particular, the purpose was to assess whether the new packaging could create a container condition able to preserve the stability and immunological activity of the product during the transport phase throughout Italy. The results showed that the range of temperatures that can affect the product, in the area surrounding the product packaging, may reach a peak of 63°C during transport under the most unfavourable climatic conditions, i.e. in a non-refrigerated van during the summer season, from the site of production in France to the patient's house in Catania, the city with the highest temperatures in Italy. However, the highest temperature reached inside the vaccine did not exceed 45°C over a period of about 2 h. The ELISA inhibition test on samples subjected to the extreme temperature conditions previously defined (45°C) showed an immunological activity higher than 75% of that initially measured and was comparable to those obtained with samples stored at controlled temperature (5°C). This means that, even in the worst case scenario, the structure of the allergen extracts is not influenced and the vaccine potency is preserved.
Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy: What is the persistence and adherence of patients in real-life?; Background: In prolonged therapies, persistence and adherence to therapy are crucial. Nevertheless there are surprisingly few studies assessing persistence and adherence to subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Aim: Assess persistence and adherence to SCIT in a population of SCIT -treated patients regularly followed in a hospital Allergology outpatient department. Methods: Retrospective study, assessing in May/2011 how many patients persisted receiving SCIT injections, in relation to the total number of patients that in May/2010 had received a SCIT injection in our Allergology outpatient department. We evaluated differences in demographic and clinical aspects of those patients who persisted under SCIT versus those who didn't persist. Additionally, in patients who persisted, we describe the cumulative dose that they received and compare it to the expected dose, according to the type of vaccine. Results: Of the 220 patients that received a SCIT injection in May/2010, 128 (58%) persisted in receiving this therapy during the following year. We didn't observe any significant differences according to sex or age. We found a lesser persistence in patients under grass -SCIT (48%) and a higher persistence in patients with both asthma and rhinitis (63%), in patients who were treated with two or more drugs (66%) and in patients who reported clinical improvement in the days following SCIT injections (62%). 119/128 patients received cumulative doses higher than 70% of expected doses and 69/128 patients received a cumulative dose higher than 90% of expected doses, representing a good adherence to SCIT schemes. Conclusions: Persistence with SCIT injections during one year occurs in at least 58% of patients, with a good adherence to the proposed schedules, which compares favorably to other treatments for allergic diseases. More studies are needed to compare between persistence and adherence to different therapies to allow for this important aspect to be taken in consideration in therapeutic choices.
Will sublingual immunotherapy offer benefit for asthma?; Evidence shows that sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is indicated in patients with allergic rhinitis (AR). In this article we discuss whether SLIT could offer benefit for children and adults with asthma. We reviewed individual trials on SLIT in asthmatic patients, but also asthma data reported in some SLIT trials conducted in AR patients. Findings were complemented with data from systematic reviews and meta-analysis on the subject since 2000 and some guidelines that mention immunotherapy for asthma treatment. In AR patients with concomitant persistent asthma, SLIT reduces medication needs while maintaining symptom control. This holds especially true for house dust mite SLIT. Data on pollen SLIT and lung symptom improvement with SLIT, however, are less convincing. Therefore, we suggest SLIT should be added as an optional add-on therapy for patients with asthma whenever a causative allergen has been demonstrated and AR is associated with asthma. For the future, SLIT should be studied in specifically designed asthma studies in allergic asthmatics without AR. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Impact of a pharmacist-led clinic on adherence with sublingual immunotherapy in grass pollen rhinoconjuctivitis; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is effective in allergic rhinitis, but this depends upon adherence. Even in clinical trails, adherence with SLIT is suboptimal (1). In 2010, GRAZAX was approved at our hospital conditional upon compliance review via a novel pharmacist-led clinic. Objective: To evaluate the impact of a closely supervised pharmacist-led monthly clinic on the adherence of patients with oral GRAZAX in grass pollen rhinoconjuctivitis. Method: Case notes and pharmacy records were reviewed from all 18 patients (eight patients from 2011, 10 patients from 2012) starting treatment with GRAZAX. Compliance was assessed in detail at monthly hospital pharmacistled clinic visits. Data was also collected on dropout rates, reason for drop outs, side effects, quality of life scores and any use of additional allergy medication. Results: Three patients dropped out for either personal reasons or medical reasons unrelated to treatment. Mean overall adherence for those completing treatment was 95% and 92% respectively for the 2011 and 2012 cohorts. Total overall adherence for all 15 patients was 93%. Most patients developed local side-effects which resolved within 1-3 weeks. Overall symptoms and QOL scores improved in the majority of patients. Conclusion: We have demonstrated excellent adherence with sublingual immunotherapy using a novel pharmacistled clinic. This is comparable to adherence rates for clinical trials and superior to that achieved in real life practice. Potential benefits include improved adherence with limited costs and reduced need for medical follow-up appointments. This model could be adapted for more widespread use. (1) Alesina R, et al. Journal of Allergy 2012 Article ID 673502.
Feasibility of the juniper quality of life questionnaire for monitoring and assessing immunotherapy outcomes in routine clinical practice; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is known to be an effective treatment for allergic rhinitis. Patients meeting treatment guidelines for allergic rhinitis secondary to tree and grass pollen are treated with SIT if they fail to respond to maximum medical therapy. The decision on which SIT preparation to use is made by clinical expertise guided by patient preference. Monitoring of the efficacy of therapy in trials has been through the use of standardised questionnaires, although this is less frequently used in routine clinical practice
Phase I study of JRC-LAMP-VAX, a DNA immunotherapy vaccine to treat Japanese red cedar allergy; A Phase I study was conducted with a DNA vaccine, (JRC-LAMP-Vax) containing the sequence of CryJ2 allergen from (JRC), Japanese Red Cedar and (LAMP) Lysosomal Associated Membrane Protein. Subjects, including previously sensitized Japanese expatriates in Hawaii, were assessed for safety. IRB/HAC approval was obtained and all subjects were consented in English/ Japanese. Group 1 contained non-sensitive and Groups 2 & 3 sensitive patients, defined by +/-skin test to JRC allergen. All subjects received 4 doses at 14 day intervals. Groups 1 and 3 received full doses (each 4mg/1ml) and Group 2 received a half dose (2 mg/0.5ml). Safety data through 132 days after the 1st vaccination showed 85% mild adverse events (AE's), mainly injection site erythema, swelling and pain, the majority occurring in Group 3. The remaining 15% mild AE's were mild fatigue events. No events required medication or medical attention. JRC-LAMP-Vax did not remarkably change the IgE/IgG levels relative to baseline. At all six time points, subjects tested negative for anti-LAMP antibodies. These data suggested the vaccine was safe. At 132 days the skin prick tests (Greer Pik) indicated that JRC-LAMP-Vax converted 10 of 12 subjects' JRC positive skin test reactions to negative. This pattern was also seen in 6/11 Mountain cedar skin test positive conversions to negative. These subjects presumptively were sensitive to the Jun a2 allergen, 91% homologous to CryJ2. The most striking observation at Day 132 was the skin test reactions to unrelated allergens-Southern Grass, Western Ragweed, Southern California Tree Mix and Dust Mite Mix. In Groups 2 & 3, 10/17 patients with positive skin tests to these unrelated allergens at Day 0 converted to negative. The non-JRC sensitive subjects had no skin test conversions. These skin test conversions from positive to negative at day 132 for allergens unrelated to JRC possibly represents a general T cell response due to the DNA vaccine. The Phase I clinical data and laboratory results support the conclusion that vaccination with JRC-LAMP-Vax is safe. The majority of AE's were mild skin injection reactions primarily in the high dose /Group 3. The conversion of 21 patient JRC/MC skin tests to negative suggests that the DNA-LAMP vaccine modulated the immune system. (Table Presented).
Assessment of efficacy of allergen specific sublingual immunotherapy in patients with respiratory allergic disease; Background: Subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy can be inconvenient and carries the risk of frequent local and rare but very serious anaphylactic reactions. The development of sublingual immunotherapy offers the potential for a safer and more convenient alternative. Methods: 60 patients with grass pollen and house dust mite allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma received allergen specific immunotherapy with standardized allergen extracts (Sevapharma, Czechrepublic) administered sublingually for two years. The diagnosis of respiratory allergy was made by clinical history, positive skin prick tests to standardized grass pollen and dust mites extracts and the presence of specific IgE to grass pollens and dust mites of at least Class 3. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) involved an up-dosing phase and maintenance phase with a maximum dose (10000 JSK, PNU
Grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet treatment is associated with similar efficacy and safety in children and adults: Subgroup analysis of data from a large North American trial; Rationale: Trials of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C) in North American subjects are few, particularly among children. A previous North American pediatric trial found timothy grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet (Phleum pratense, 2800 BAU
Efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immuno-therapy tablet treatment in a large randomized controlled trial in North American children and adults; Rationale: In North America, few studies have evaluated sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C) and pediatric data are sparse. We report findings from the largest published immunotherapy trial yet conducted in adults and children. This multicenter trial evaluated grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet treatment in subjects with AR/C. Methods: North American subjects (5-65 yrs) with grass allergy were randomized 1:1 to once-daily grass immunotherapy tablet (Phleum pratense 2800 BAU
Safety and tolerability of an intra-seasonal initiation of the sq-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet: A non-interventional observational study investigating the feasibility during routine administration; Background and Objective: For specific immunotherapy to pollen allergy, a pre-seasonal start of treatment is recommended by international guidelines. In a placebo-controlled clinical trial with adults, an intra-seasonal start of therapy with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) was well-tolerated. The objective of our study was to investigate the feasibility of an intra-seasonal start of grass AIT administered during routine treatment by practising allergists. Methods: In a multicentre, prospective, open-label, uncontrolled, non-interventional observational study, data on routine treatment with grass AIT were recorded in patients who started administration of tablets within the 2010 grass pollen season in Germany. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded by the physician at visits for the first administration in the clinic and at the end of the 1- to 3-month observation period. AEs and daily administration of the tablet were recorded by the patients in diaries for the first 14 days. Treatment satisfaction, global tolerability and perceived effect of treatment were assessed by the patient and physician at the end of the study. Results: A total of 662 patients were treated with 1 tablet daily by 286 physicians. Grass AIT was started intra-seasonally in 620 patients and post-season in 42. The average treatment period was 51.6 days. AEs were recorded in 52.1 % of all patients and in 35.6 % at first administration, with throat irritation (21.3 %), paraesthesia oral (19.9 %), oral pruritus (14.0 %) and ear pruritus (10.3 %) being the most frequent AEs related to grass AIT. The intensity of the AEs was assessed as mild or moderate in 42.1 % of patients and severe in 8.0 %
Sublingual immunotherapy with a five grass allergen extract on reduces local inflammation as measured by exhaled breath temperature in grass pollen allergic patients; Background: Pollinosis is a classical atopic condition in which allergen immunotherapy has been proven to decrease in-season complaints and to change the natural course of the disease. However, clinical studies rely on assessment of subjective symptoms and substantial placebo effect has been documented in double blind studies. Our previous data suggest that exhaled breath temperature (EBT) increases during the pollen season in subjects with pollinosis. The aim of our study was to explore whether sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) would influence the increase of EBT during the grass pollen season. Method: We recruited 56 subjects (33 men, mean age 30 ± 12 years) with grass pollen allergy for this double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. All subjects had positive skin prick tests restricted to grass pollen allergen extracts. Spirometry was performed using Schiller SP 10 equipment (Switzerlznd). EBT was assessed with portable hand-held device at controlled (22- 23°C) indoor temperature (X-halo, Delmedica Investments Ltd, Singapore). Blood samples were collected to measure eosinophil counts. Evaluations were performed before the grass pollen season, at the peak of it and about 2 months after the pollen counts have subsided. Subjects were randomised to be treated with five component grass allergen solution or with placebo applied sublingually for at least 3 months before, and during the pollen season. Results: Out of 56 recruited patients, 51 completed the study visits before and during the pollen season, 45 returned for the post-seasonal control visit. Overall, EBT increased from 34.32 ± 0.08°C to 34.71 ± 0.05°C, P < 0.001. In placebo group EBT changed from 34.26 ± 0.10°C to 34.80 ± 0.07°C (increase of 0.54°C, P < 0.001) and in the SLIT group, the EBT changed from 34.40 ± 0.12°C to 34.61 ± 0.71°C (increase of 0.21°C, P = 0.052). The difference between active (0.54 ± 0.09°C) and placebo (0.21 ± 0.10°C) was statistically significant (P = 0.03). EBT of all subjects returned to pre-seasonal levels after the grass pollen season. Spirometry values and blood eosinophil counts did not change significantly at any of the visits, nor between the treatment arms. Conclusion: Our study provides evidence for the effectiveness of SLIT with grass pollen allergen extracts on the basis of EBT, an objective measure allegedly reflecting the level of airway inflammation.
Polistes species venom is devoid of carbohydrate-based cross-reactivity and allows interference-free diagnostics; Background: In vitro diagnosis of venom allergy and thus choice of the adequate immunotherapy is heavily affected by cross-reactive carbohydrate determinants (CCDs). A high percentage of cross-reactivities to honeybee and yellow jacket venom can be attributed to IgE directed against the causative structure of CCDs, a1,3-linked core fucose residues. In addition to honeybees and yellow jackets paper wasps (Polistinae) represent a major challenge for diagnostic approaches. Hence, in this study we addressed CCD-based crossreactivity of Polistes venom. Method: CCD-reactivity of American as well as European Polistes venom was assessed by different immunological approaches. General presence of glycosylation of Polistes venom was analyzed applying Galanthus nivalis agglutinin (GNA). Moreover, CCD-based reactivity was addressed using HRP antiserum, specific for a1,3-core fucosylation as well as by CCD-reactive sera of hymenoptera and grass pollen allergic patients and compared with honeybee and vespid venom. Results: Applying GNA in AlaBlotsTM with Polistes ssp. (i4), A. mellifera (i1), and V. vulgaris (i3) venom demonstrates the presence of several glycoproteins in all three venoms. Using HRP antiserum revealed pronounced a1,3-core fucosylation for honeybee as well as for yellow jacket venom. In contrast, Polistes ssp. venom which is a mixture of the venoms of different Polistes species did not exhibit any CCD-based cross-reactivity. These data were corroborated by ELISA analysis. Moreover, the analysis of CCD-reactive sera from hymenoptera and pollen allergic patients in ELISA and ImmunoCAP® measurement confirmed the absence of immunolocially detectable CCDs in Polistes venom. Conclusion: In summary, this study for the first time demonstrates the absence of CCD-based cross-reactivity from American and European Polistes venom preparations and provides evidence that Polistes venom preparations constitute a highly beneficial and easy to interpret tool for diagnostic decisions.
Clinical efficacy of allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy correlates with the induction of tolerogenic dendritic cell, but not CD4+ regulatory T cell, markers; Background: Sublingual allergen specific immunotherapy (SLIT) is a powerful approach to elicit tolerance. The exact immune mechanisms involved are not yet fully understood, but the induction of regulatory T cells is considered to be critical. Method: Herein, we investigated changes at the level of peripheral CD4+ T cells and dendritic cells (DCs) in relationship to clinical benefit in 82 grass pollen allergic patients included in a double-blind, placebo- controlled SLIT study performed in a challenge chamber. Blood samples were collected before and after 2 and 4 months of treatment with a sublingual tablet containing either a five-grass pollen extract or a placebo. To assess allergen-specific CD4+ T cell responses, surface phenotype, proliferative responses, cytokine production and gene expression were analysed in PBMCs after in vitro allergen stimulation, or among MHC class II/peptide-tetramer positive cells. In parallel, markers for both regulatory and effector DCs identified by proteomic approaches were quantified by real-time PCR in PBMCs. Results: When monitoring Th1, Th2 and Treg markers, only minor changes were observed in the phenotype of CD4+ PBMCs in both active and placebo groups. In patients receiving active tablets, IL-4 and IL-10 gene expression, IL- 10 secretion and percentages of potential 'pro-allergic' Th2A cells were decreased, but without any correlation with clinical benefit. pMHCII-tetramer analysis of allergen-specific CD4+ T cells confirmed that SLIT clinical efficacy is not associated with dramatic changes in the polarisation of circulating CD4+ T cell. No significant changes in expression of effector DC markers were detected during treatment. In contrast, a clearcut upregulation of tolerogenic DC markers such as C1Q and Stabilin-1 was observed in active patients exhibiting clinical responses during treatment. Conclusion: This study emphasizes the interest of monitoring molecular changes at the level of peripheral blood DCs to detect early polarisation of adaptive immune responses during immunotherapy. In this regard, a molecular signature specific for tolerogenic DCs, but not regulatory T cells, is associated with early SLIT efficacy.
Grass pollen allergic patients treated with subcutaneous immunotherapy have elevated Src-homology-2 domaincontaining inositol-5'phosphatase 1 and 2 (SHIP-1 and SHIP-2) protein levels; Background: Reduced basophil histamine release is observed in patients treated with subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). We examined the effect of SCIT on intracellular protein concentrations of spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk), SHIP-1 and SHIP-2, three key regulators of basophil releasability in the FceRI-pathway. Method: We recruited patients with seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis (16 on SCIT for 2 years, six untreated allergic controls). Blood basophils were purified both during offseason (spring) and the grass pollen season (summer). Purity of basophils (96.7 ± 0.17%, mean ± SEM) was assessed by flow cytometry (CD45+, CD203c+, FceRIa+). Cell lysates were evaluated for Syk and SHIP1 expression by quantitative Western blotting. Basophil activation test (BAT) was employed to assess allergen-specific releasability [log (grass pollen) required for half-maximal activation or LC50]. Results: Basophil releasability (BAT) increased in untreated patients during pollen season (LC50 -0.547 to -0.771, P = 0.04) while SCIT-treated patients maintained off-season releasability (-0.371 to -0.410, P = 0.46). There were no significant differences in offseason SHIP-1 levels in treated compared to untreated patients (P = 0.22). A fall in SHIP-1 levels was observed from offseason to the pollen season for untreated patients (31.176 ± 1.554- 11.171 ± 2.251, P = 0.01) and treated patients showed a similar trend (45.249 ± 17.054-22.817 ± 4.819, P = 0.08). During the pollen season treated patients had elevated SHIP-1 levels compared to untreated patients (22.817 ± 4.819 vs 11.171 ± 2.251, P = 0.03). We observed higher SHIP-2 levels offseason in treated patients (177.170 ± 41.058-34.479 ± 16.067, P = 0.004), but no significant differences in season (164.306 ± 38.257- 113.005 ± 3.585, P = 0.10) We observed no significant changes in Syk expression. Conclusion: Natural allergen exposure in sensitised patients decreases basophil SHIP- 1 predisposing them to enhanced releasability. Reduced basophil releasability and positive response to SCIT is significantly correlated with increased expression of SHIP-1, suggesting a new therapeutic approach.
Sustained effect of grass pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy on desensitisation of allergen specific basophil response; Background: The long-term effect of grass pollen SCIT on basophil allergen specific response is not completely understood. We investigated the involvement of this cellular factor with the induction of tolerance after discontinuation of pollen SCIT. Method: Basophil CD63 response and humoral markers were follow-up in 20 subjects just before starting and after build-up phase of grass pollen SCIT, before first pollen season and then 1-2 years after the period of 3-5 years of SCIT. The basophil response was also monitor after removal of IgG antibodies. Clinical outcomes included seasonal symptoms and use of rescue medication. Results: The desensitization of basophil allergen specific response and clinical tolerance was maintained after 1-2 years of grass pollen SCIT discontinuation. Although SCIT-induced grass pollen-specific IgG4 levels decreased to near pre- SCIT levels after discontinuation, the removal of IgG antibodies, at that point, revealed the increase of basophil response to pretreatment level. Conclusions: Grass pollen immunotherapy induces allergen-specific basophil desensitisation that persists after treatment discontinuation and that could account for longterm clinical tolerance.
IL-27 supresses allergen-driven TH2 responses and IL-27+ dendritic cells are significantly reduced in grass pollen allergic individuals compared to nonatopic controls; Rationale: Interleukin (IL)-27 belongs to the IL-12 superfamily and consists of EBI3 and IL-12p28 subunits. IL-27 is produced by dendritic cells (DCs) and has immunomodulatory effects on T cells. We hypothesised that IL-27 suppresses ex-vivo allergen-induced T helper 2 responses. Furthermore, IL-27 has differential expression on DCs in grass pollen-allergics and nonatopic controls. IL-27-primed DCs inhibit grass pollen-induced T cell proliferative. Methods: PBMCs obtained from grass pollen- allergics (n = 10) and non-atopic controls (n = 9) were stimulated with LPS (100 ng/ml) for 24 h. IL-27-producing DCs were quantified by flow cytometry. The effect of IL-27 on grass pollen-driven PBMC proliferation was measured by 3Hthymidine incorporation. Transcription factors and cytokines mRNA expression were measured by RT-PCR. Proliferative responses of CD4+ T cells co-cultured with IL-27-treated DC in the presence of allergen was assessed. Results: Proportions of IL-27-producing DCs were decreased in allergic patients compared to non-atopic controls (P = 0.003). IL-27 significantly supressed PBMC proliferation following ex-vivo grass pollen stimulation (100 ng/ml, P = 0.0078). This suppression was observed in allergen dose-dependent manner. mRNA expression in PBMC culture for T-bet and c-Maf were up-regulated (P = 0.02
A novel subset of regulatory T cells: Interleukin-35 producing T regs (iTR35) are induced after grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Sublingual grass pollen-specific immunotherapy (SLIT) involves immunomodulation of Th2 responses and the induction of IL-10+ (Tr1) and/or TGFb+ CD4+CD25+ (Th3) regulatory T cells (T regs). IL-35-producing regulatory T cells (iTR35) have been recently reported as a novel subset of regulatory T cells. We hypothesised that IL-35 suppresses grass pollen- driven Th2 responses following ex-vivo allergen stimulation. We further hypothesised that iTR35 cells are induced following grass pollen-SLIT. Method: T effector cells (CD4+CD25-) obtained from grass pollen allergics (n = 12) were purified and enriched from peripheral blood mononuclear cells by magnetic separation. CD4+CD25- T cells were co-cultured with irradiated antigenpresenting cells using 5 μg/ml of Phleum pratense in the presence/absence 10 ng/ml of recombinant human IL-35. T cell proliferative responses were measured by 3Hthymidine incorporation. Cytokine gene expression and protein levels were assessed by RT-PCR and Luminex MagPix assay, respectively. Proportions of FoxP3+, IL- 10+ regulatory T cells and iTR35 were determined in non-atopics (NA, n = 12), untreated allergics (SAR, n = 12) and SLIT-treated patients (SLIT, n = 7). Results: IL-35 significantly suppressed Phleum pratense-driven CD4+CD25- T cell proliferative responses (n = 12
The influence of pollen exposure on efficacy measurements in grass allergy immunotherapy trials; Background: Magnitude of symptoms for a grass allergic subject depends on seasonal grass pollen exposure. The objective of this study was to evaluate the relationship between efficacy endpoints and grass pollen exposure based on pooled data from multiple regional trials across several years, with a grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT). Method: The post-hoc analysis included pooled data from six North American and European randomised, placebo-controlled grass AIT trials (1-6) including 2363 paediatric and adults subjects (1198 active and 1165 placebo). Subjects with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis were randomised to grass AIT or placebo in trials that had duration of 18-29 weeks (five one-season trials) or up to 5 years (1 trial with 3 years of treatment and 2 years of follow-up). Subjects filled in daily diaries with rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms (four nasal and two ocular symptoms scored on a 0-3 scale with 3 = severe symptoms) and symptomatic medications use during the grass pollen season. Pooled data were analysed by daily symptom (DSS), medication (DMS), and total combined symptom and medication score (TCS = DSS + DMS). The DSS, DMS and TCS was modelled by a generalised additive model (gam
Evaluation of the relationship between EQ-5D health utilities and clinical efficacy endpoints in the treatment of seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Standard clinical efficacy endpoints in allergen immunotherapy trials include the daily Rhinoconjunctivitis Symptom Score (RSS) and daily Rhinoconjunctivitis Medication Score (RMS). However, measurement of subjects' quality of life in terms of health utility (e.g. EQ- 5D index) is also necessary to characterise changes in health status. In this study, we aimed to determine a relationship between standard efficacy endpoints and the EQ-5D health utility. Method: Data from a 5-year randomised, parallel-group, double-blind, placebocontrolled, phase III trial (GT-08, ALK, Denmark) in subjects with seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis were analysed. During each pollen season, subjects recorded their RSS and RMS on a daily basis and the EQ-5D index was recorded weekly. EQ-5D index responses were converted to utilities using the UK tariff. EQ-5D utilities often follow a oneinflated distributed with subjects frequently reporting 'perfect health' (EQ-5D utility = 1) while the remaining utilities are distributed between 0 and 1. To account for this distribution a two-stage model was constructed: 1 binomial modelling of subjects with 'perfect health' (EQ-5D utility = 1) and 2 Gaussian modelling of EQ-5D utilities <1 (subjects with 'imperfect health'). In both cases generalised linear mixed modelling was used to explore the fixed effects of RSS, RMS, gender, age and asthma status and the random effects of subject, year and country. All statistical modelling was performed with R (R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria). Results: Five hundred and sixty-eight subjects, enrolled in the first year, provided diary data. A total of 16 690 weekly EQ-5D observations were recorded over the trial period. The binomial model showed the daily RSS and RMS to be the two most important predictors of 'perfect health' (RSS: DORper unit = 0.729
An evaluation of data on the relative clinical impact of sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets and symptomatic medications in grass-pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Despite unambiguous evidence on the ability of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets to markedly relieve symptoms of pollen-induced seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) from meta-analysis and large, double-blinded, placebo-controlled (DBPC) trials, reports on the tablets' high 'relative clinical impact' (RCI) are often questioned. We therefore determined the RCIs of five-grass and single-grass pollen SLIT tablets and 'symptomatic' medications (oral H1-antihistamines, nasal corticosteroids and a leukotriene receptor antagonist) having received marketing authorization within the last 15 years for SAR in adults and/or children. Method: We identified 49 single-season DBPC trials with at least 100 participants in the smallest treatment arm. For each drug class, we performed a meta-analysis (Hedges' g) of the symptom scores. The RCI (as defined by the World Allergy Organization) in each arm was calculated from the post-treatment or season-long nasal or total symptom scores: 100 9 (scorePlacebo - scoreActive)/scorePlacebo. Results: Twenty-six symptomatic medication trials (including one in children only) and nine SLIT tablet trials (including three in children only) met our criteria. Metaanalysis of over 17 800 cases confirmed the presence of a highly significant overall treatment effect for each individual drug class. A number of methodological factors are likely to mask the true RCI in trials of SLIT tablets, such as long trial durations, non-uniformly high disease activity on randomisation and authorised rescue medication use in SLIT tablet trials but not in pharmacotherapy trials. However, even with these methodological disadvantages, the RCIs for SLIT tablets (ranging from 16% to 30%) in SAR were at least similar to or even greater than the values for symptomatic medications (3-26% for second- generation H1-antihistamines, 7-37% for nasal corticosteroids and 3-10% for montelukast). Conclusion: Despite the presence of methodological factors in clinical trials that may lead to underestimate allergen immunotherapy effect size, grass pollen SLIT tablets appears to have a greater RCI than second-generation H1-antihistamine and montelukast and much the same RCI as nasal corticosteroids in poorly controlled patients with moderate-to-severe SAR.
Meta-analysis of allergen immunotherapy for treatment of grass pollen allergies indicates sublingual immunotherapy tablet is comparable to subcutaneous immunotherapy; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) have been shown to effectively treat grass pollen allergies. Network meta-analysis was conducted to estimate relative efficacy of SLIT-tablets for treatment of grass pollen allergy compared to SCIT and SLIT-drops. Method: A literature search was conducted of Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library, English language publications, through June 2012. Only randomised, double- blind, placebo controlled clinical trials of SCIT, SLIT-drops and SLIT-tablets for grass pollen were included. Articles were cross-checked against previous meta-analyses and reviews. Bayesian network metaanalyses estimated standardised mean difference (SMD) across three immunotherapy modalities on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and/or medication score data. Heterogeneity assessed with I2 statistic for all direct comparison data. Random effects model accounted for heterogeneity across studies. Results: Thirty-three studies (11 SLIT-tablets, 14 SLIT-drops, eight SCIT) of commercially available products were included in meta-analyses for symptom scores
Allergen identification and characterisation of lysine modification in monomeric allergoids; Background: Chemical modifications of allergens by potassium cyanate (KCNO) reaction substitute the ε-amino group of lysine residues of proteins for ureido groups. These KCNO-modified and carbamylated so-called allergoids offer the advantage of reduced IgE-mediated sideeffects during specific immunotherapy. Nevertheless, allergoids maintain the native monomeric dimension of the allergens. In our work, we demonstrate that nanoLCMSMS- based sequencing analysis allows the identification and characterisation of KCNO-modified allergens. Method: For allergen identification, native and KCNO-modified allergen extracts of Betula verrucosa, Phleum pratense, and Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, were digested by proteolytic enzymes, namely trypsin, V8 endoproteinase, and pepsin, for several incubation periods. The digested allergoids were comparatively analyzed by nanoLCMSMS- based sequencing. Allergoid-derived peptides were evaluated from obtained spectra using the ProteinLynx Global Server software version 2.2.5TM (Waters, Milford, MD, USA). As minimum criterion for protein identification two unequivocally identified peptides per allergen were required. Results: The modified mixed extracts were shown to contain a large panel of isoallergens and allergens when merging the results of overnight trypsin with several incubation periods of V8 and pepsin digestions. In particular, the presence of the major allergens of Betula verrucosa and Alnus glutinosa, namely Bet v 1, Aln g 1, Bet v 2, and Bet v 6 was proven. The modified grass pollen extract included allergens of group 1 and 5, of Phleum partense, Holcus lanatus and Poa pratense. The modified mixed mite extract was determined to contain Der f 1, 3, 7, 10, 11, 14 and Der p 1, 2, 7, 11. Notably, most lysine residues of the modified extracts were determined to be carbamylated. Conclusions: Digests with trypsin, V8, and pepsin yielded sufficient peptide concentrations for MSMS sequencing. However, the digestion time was found to be a crucial parameter. In the mixed extracts a number of KCNO-modified allergens were detected. Therefore, nanoLC-MSMS-based sequence analysis represents a useful method to evaluate the number and position of modified lysine residues.
Identification of a candidate biomarker predictive of the response to allergen immunotherapy; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a disease-modifying treatment of type I respiratory allergies. Herein, we investigated whether serum protein abundance could help identifying subpopulations of patients more likely to benefit from AIT. Method: We addressed the question of predictive biomarkers using both 2-dimensional differential gel electrophoresis (2DDiGE) and mass spectrometry (MS)-based approaches on 82 sera (42 patients in the active group and 40 in the placebo group), obtained from grass-pollen allergic patients involved in a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical study. Results: According to a comparative 2DDiGE approach, the expression of posttranslational modifications (PTMs) of a well-known serum protein was increased in the sera of patients who were responder to AIT (P < 0.001). Moreover, expression levels of the corresponding protein isoforms significantly correlated with clinical benefit only in those patients who received the treatment (r = 0.49, P = 0.0009). An indepth MS characterisation of PTMs revealed the presence of different types of glycans which may affect the separation pattern of this serum protein in 2D gel. To evaluate the contribution of glycan moieties to the discrimination of serum samples, three tryptic peptides bearing specific glycans were quantified using a label-free MSbased approach. The abundance of one glycopeptide was significantly increased in tryptic digests from sera of patients responding to AIT (P < 0.001). Serum levels of this glycopeptide correlated positively with clinical benefit in patients from the active group (r = 0.54, P = 0.0002), whereas no such correlation was observed in patients administered with placebo. Conclusion: A specific glycoform of a well-known serum protein allows us to identify, prior to initiating treatment, patients with a higher likelihood to benefit from AIT. Validation of this potential predictive marker of the response to AIT is currently ongoing on larger cohorts of patients.
Satisfaction of patients with moderate/ severe allergic rhino conjunctivitis treated with specific immunotherapy as oral lyophilisate under routine clinical practice conditions; Background: There are two therapeutic options for allergic rhino conjunctivitis (AR). One is symptomatic treatment using drugs and the other allergen-specific immunotherapy. Furthermore, between the different routes of administration currently used in AR treatment (subcutaneous and sublingual). Objective: To identify the expectations, clinical management and satisfaction of patients with moderate/severe AR treated with specific immunotherapy as oral lyophilisate. Methods: A non-interventional, observational, multi-center, open-label study. Adult patients with a confirmed diagnosis of moderate/severe grass pollen-induced AR and treated with oral lyophilisate SIT between June 2010 and April 2011. Number of subjects planned and analyzed: 161 planned, 131 enrolled, 131 completed, 2 not evaluable and 129 analyzed. Age: mean: 33.95, DT: 12.9. Sex: Male: 60 (46.5%) Female: 69 (53.5%). Results: The expected result of the vaccine for each patient varies by AR type such that 2/3 of patients with a moderate/severe AR expect to 'recover completely' whereas those patients with a mild AR are less 'demanding'. Regarding the degree of satisfaction with the tablet-based vaccine, as assessed using horizontal and graduated visual analogue scales, should be noted: Symptoms remission and perceived efficacy: ranging between 72.3/100 and 77.4/
Phleum pollen sensitisation pattern for major allergen components in Southern Romania grass pollinosis; Background: In the Romanian plain, sensitisation to grass pollen is higher compared with other pollens significant as aeroallergens. Timothy grass pollen is a source of important major allergens: Phl p 1 and Phl p 5. Method: We collected sera of patients from the south part of Romania with a history of seasonal pollen allergy (presenting symptoms of rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma) in the grass flowering period of the region and positive skin prick tests to grass pollens, with or without sensitisation to other plant pollens with partial temporal overlap for their pollination season. Specific IgE antibodies against recombinant Phleum allergen components (Phl p 1, Phl p 5, Phl p 7, Phl p 12) were detected using a novel multiparameter immunoblot test system, based on single purified allergen components, SPAC Pollen1. Results: From eighteen adult and children patients with positive skin prick tests to Phleum pratense pollen, 94.44% were sensitised to Phl p 1 beta-expansin and/or Phl p 5 allergen components. Sensitisation to Phl p 7 and Phl p 12 cross-reactive allergen components was less significant. Conclusion: Specific IgE antibodies against major specific allergen components Phl p 1 and Phl p 5 detected by SPAC Pollen 1 can be used as a marker to genuine grass pollen allergy, important in the decision for allergen-specific immunotherapy.
Mono and poly-aeroallergen sensitisation in allergic rhinitis patients from a pre-andes province in argentine; Background: Poly-sensitisation is common in patients with allergic rhinitis (AR) and the frequency of mono-sensitisation is not yet known. There are few studies about sensitisation in AR patients in San Juan province, Argentine, close to the Andes mountain range with continental, dry climate. This work sought for the frequency of poly and mono-sensitised patient with AR. Method: This observational cross-sectional study assessed the allergy sensitisation in a group of consecutive patients with persistent AR. Skin prick testing (SPT) with commercial extracts (Allergofarma Argentine) was performed. Total IgE was also measured (RIE). Results: Three hundred and seventy patients with AR were evaluated, 57% of them were female, mean age 43 years. 10.3% of the patients were mono-sensitised. +(ve) SPT to grass allergens were the most prevalent in this group (81%). Other prevalent allergens were oriental plane 57%, blackbery 56% and olive 53%. In the group younger than 13 years old polisensitisation was found in 24.3%. In contrast, in the 13 or more years old group, 75.69% were poli-sensitised (OR: 1.81, P = 0.09). Increased IgE (+2 SD) was found in 71% of patients. This feature was found in 10.3% of mono-sensitised patients and 89.7% of poli-sensitised patients. Conclusion: PersistentARpatients were sensitised mainly to grasses and Oriental plane. Poli-sensitisation is more frequent in all the age groups and is more prevalent in adult patients. The prevalence of mono-sensitisation is the double in children compared to adults. This can have a potential impact on the potential use of specific immunotherapy.
High-dose allergen immunotherapy induces a strong down-regulation of genes involved in Th2 and Th1 activation and function in adenoid tissues; Background: Tonsils and adenoids are part of the Waldeyer ring, the basic function of which is antibody formation to antigens. Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is an effective and safe treatment for allergic rhinitis (AR). As demonstrated by trials performed with grass tablets, during sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) it is observed an increase of specific IgEs and a dose-dependent rise of specific IgGs but these immunological modifications do not correlate with efficacy. By the model of the Allergen Challenge Chamber (ACC) the 5- grass pollen SLIT tablets were found to be rapidly effective (after 30 days). Moreover, previous studies showed that only highdose SLIT is able to reduce the nasal production of IgE in pediatric patients with grass-induced AR. This response suggested a rapid loco-regional and immunological effect of SLIT where Waldeyer ring could have an important role. The aim of this study was to investigate the immunologic changes in adenoid tissues in children with AR undergoing AIT (SLIT). Method: Adenoid samples from 16 children (mean age (SD): 7.12 (1.15) years, range 5-9 years, seven males, nine females) with adenoids hypertrophy of 4th level and clinical indication to adenoidectomy were collected. Of them, five children were not allergic and 11 suffered from house dust mite (HDM) and grass-induced AR. In four children AR was treated by antihistamines, while in seven patients by high-dose HDM and grass SLIT (Stallergenes, Antony, France). The immunologic evaluation addressed the Th1, Th2 and Th3 cells by performing a PCR Array on mRNA extracted from adenoid samples. Results: SLIT induced a strong down-regulation of genes involved in Th2 and Th1 activation and function. In particular, in SLIT-treated allergic children IL-4, CCR2, CCR3 and PTGDR2 (Th2 related genes) and CD28, IL-2 and INHA (Th1 related genes) expression was reduced compared with anti-histamines-treated allergic children. Conclusion: These preliminary findings suggest that AIT (SLIT) is able to influence the immunological environment in the adenoids, especially by affecting the Th2 and Th1 patterns of response. These results could explain the efficacy of SLIT yet after the first month of treatment and its strong immunological effect, both humoral and cellular.
Immunogenic activity of pollen allergoids; Background: Chemically modified allergen preparations (allergoids) are characterized by reduced IgE-binding activity, but retained immunogenicity. Accordingly, allergoids bear the potential of performing specific immunotherapy (SIT) at high initial and maintenance doses. Numerous recent clinical studies have confirmed that sufficient allergen dosing is required for successful immunotherapy. The concept of high-dose allergoids was initially introduced for pollen-SITs. We analysed the kinetics of serum IgG4 levels following SIT with grass and birch allergoids. Method: Prospectively planned analyses of serum IgG4 levels were performed using Allergopharma ELISA in two doubleblind, placebo-controlled clinical trials. For randomisation patients (18-60 years) had to have a history of allergic rhinitis +/- asthma, positive skin prick and conjunctival challenge test results, serum IgE to grass and birch pollen allergens (EAST class ≥2), and symptoms at baseline (BL). IgG4 levels were determined before and after 1 and 2 years in preseasonal SIT regimes. Results: SIT using allergoids was generally associated with serum specific IgG antibody inductions, measurable after the first treatment year with further increases in the second year. Mean IgG4 levels increased from [lg/l]: 386 (BL), 5767 (year 1), 20733 (year 2) for the birch pollen allergoid and [lg/l]:942 (BL), 61765 (year 1), 73433 (year 2) for the grass pollen allergoid. There were no relevant changes of serum IgG4 levels in the placebo groups. Conclusion: SIT using subcutaneous allergoid preparations is associated with serum specific antibody inductions. There is a continous increase in IgG4 levels during treatment with a comparable percentage of change from baseline after two pre-seasonal treatments in both pollen allergoids.
Is clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy comparable at different pediatric age ranges?; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy is considered as a valid treatment for allergic respiratory deseases and the only aetiology- based therapy that has the potential for a disease modification. The aim of our study is to assess its clinical efficacy at different age ranges in pediatric patients. Method: We selected 70 children, 43 boys (61.4%) and 27 girls (38.6%), aged between 6 and 14 years with a clinical history of allergic asthma and/or rhinitis nasal. Sensitisation was assessed by Skin Prick Test, S-IgE and by a clear relationship between exposure to sensitising allergen and symptom appearance. Within the 70 children group, 29(41.4%) underwent SLIT for House Dust Mite (HDM) and 41 (58.6%) for Grass mix. According to the age we divided children into three groups: 20 patients (28.6%) aged between 6 and 8 years (Group 1)
Tolerability and efficacy of house dust mite injective rush immunotherapy with monomeric allergoid compared to sublingual administration in patients with allergic rhinitis; Background: Monomeric carbamylated allergoids (monoids) have reduced IgE-binding activity resulting safe by sublingual or subcutaneous administration. They reduce allergic symptoms and the use of drugs. Injections of mite (HDM) and grass pollen monoid are well tolerated following 5 weeks build-up phase. We investigated the safety and efficacy of a treatment course with a rush induction phase. Method: This open pilot study included 30 mono-sensitised patients receiving monthly for 12 months a preparation of 0.50 ml of 10 BU/ml containing modified HDM extract, starting with a single day induction (0.20 ml plus 0.50 ml after half an hour). As control 30 patients were treated with HDM sublingual monoid (1000 AU twice a week). Visual analogue score (VAS) was used to evaluate the symptoms of rhinoconjunctivitis at baseline and monthly. Drug consumption was calculated with a monthly score. Adverse reactions (ARs) to treatment were recorded at each visit. Results: All patients completed the study. No serious ARs occurred. The rush induction resulted safe. No ARs occurred in 21 patients (70%), nine patients (30%) referred local mild ARs not requiring interruption. During the maintenance phase the treatment was well tolerated. Mean monthly VAS progressively improved during winter months (P < 0.001) without significant difference between groups throughout the year (P > 0.05). Drug intake was comparable between groups. Conclusion: The safety of monoid appears confirmed also through injective route with rush induction scheme. The improved health condition and drug usage were comparable with those achieved by patients treated with monoid administered sublingually.
Patients with grass-induced allergic rhinitis and unresponsive to drugs achieve disease control through 5-grass pollen tablet treatment; Background: An important subpopulation in allergic rhinitis (AR) is represented by patients with severe form of disease inadequately controlled by drug treatment. Furthermore, about 80% of patients with moderate-to-severe AR are unsatisfied with pharmacological therapy. We evaluated in real-life clinical practice the effectiveness of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with a fivegrass extract in tablets in AR patients unresponsive to drugs. Method: We carried out a multicenter observational study in 47 patients (38 adults and nine adolescents) suffering from grass-induced AR, unresponsive to drug therapy and treated for the first year with five-grass pollen tablets according to a precoseasonal regimen. The clinical data collected before and after AIT dealt with ARIA classification of AR, onset of AR symptoms, clinically relevant allergen, rescue medication use, presence of comorbidities, response to therapy and patient's satisfaction. Results: Of 47 patients, none (0%) had a mild intermittent AR, 3 (6.4%) had a moderate/ severe intermittent AR, 10 (21.3%) a mild persistent AR, and 34 (72.3%) a moderate/ severe persistent AR
One season of treatment with five grass pollen tablets in adults demonstrated a reduction in disease symptoms and impacts. Findings of the SMILE study; Background: The SMILE study was performed in Spain in 2012 to collected information about clinical characteristics of patients under grass pollen tablet sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Method: In this observational, cross-sectional, multicenter study, allergy specialists collected information in a unique followup visit at the end of the grass pollen season 2012. Patients had to have moderate to severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) while being treated but not controlled with symptomatic drugs and they received a tablet for the first time with grass pollen according a precoseasonal scheme. Results: We present here the results of 226 adult patients. Fifty-five percent of them had asthma and 60% were polysensitised. Mean time of evolution of their ARC was 10.4 ± 8.4 years. All patients were treated with a tablet of a five grasses extract (300 IR) for 4.9 ± 0.9 months. Before the immunotherapy treatment 92% of the patients had a persistent moderate to severe ARC (according to ARIA classification), and they were only 30% after the precoseasonal therapy. Fourtynine percent of patients had evolved to a mild ARC. Severity markers disappeared in a large proportion of patients patients: 44% of them had no longer sleep disturbances, 67% had no more impact on their daily activities, 64% had no longer work impairments and 57% had no troublesome symptoms anymore. Before immunotherapy, 92% and 77% of patients were treated with oral anti-histamins and nasal corticoesteroids, respectively. After 5 months of SLIT, these percentages decrease to 62% and 28%, respectively. Among those who still need symptomatic treatment, 80% declared a reduction in their consumption of anti-histamine drugs and 69% for nasal corticoesteroids. Conclusion: In Spain, the precoseasonal treatment of grass pollen ARC with fivegrass SLIT tablets (300 IR), demonstrated, in 'real life' settings, to be effective both in reducing ARC symptoms, as in diminishing the consumption of symptomatic medication in grass-pollen allergic adult patients, therefore, decreasing the disease impact.
Decreased specific basophil responses following treatment with grass allergy immunotherapy tablets as well as subcutaneous Phleum pratense immunotherapy; Background: No effect on basophil responsiveness was recently reported after 4 months of receiving tablet based immunotherapy with grass pollen extract. In contrast, several groups have shown that subcutaneous treatment (SCIT) leads to decreased basophil response - although never tested in parallel treatment groups. We therefore wanted to investigate longitudinal influence of grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) as well as SCIT immunotherapy on basophil response to P. pratense in the same study. Method: In total 40 individuals with grass pollen allergic rhinitis (AR) were randomised into three groups receiving SQ-standardised grass AIT (Grazax 75,000 SQ-T), SCIT (Alutard SQ) or no treatment (controls). Treatment was continued for 15 months. Blood samples were regularly collected and basophil response to challenge with different doses of P. pratense was compared by induced expression of basophile surface markers CD63 and CD203c measured by flow cytometry. Allergen sensitivity for induced surface marker expression (EC50) was evaluated. Results: Basophil responses to P. pratense were progressively decreased compared to the control group as well as compared to baseline in the group receiving grass AIT daily, becoming significant from 10 months treatment. For SCIT treated patients basophil sensitivity were significantly decreased from 3 months treatment when reaching maintenance dose. In contrast to both treatment groups, basophil sensitivity to P. pratense was increased after grass pollen season in untreated control patients. Conclusion: Treatment with SQ- standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablets lead to significantly decreased basophil response to P. pratense following 10 months treatment. This indicates that changes in basophil sensitivity are involved in the immunological effect of both Grass AIT and Grass SCIT treatment.
Non-interventional 2-year-study of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen; Background: The aim of this non-interventional study was to document the impact of a sublingual allergen immunotherapy (AIT) with five-grass pollen tablets (Stallergenes, France) on symptom severity and use of symptomatic medication as well as tolerability in patients with grass polleninduced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) over 2 years of routine medical practice treatment. Method: This prospective, open, non-controlled, non-interventional, multicenter study was conducted from Sep. 2010 to Oct. 2012 in Germany. Overall 1482 patients (752 female, 722 male, 8 unknown
Absence of IgE neosensitisation in allergic patients undergoing sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Allergenic extracts intended for allergen immunotherapy (AIT) contain multiple major and minor allergens. Since patients receiving such extracts might be sensitised to few allergens only, AIT carries a theoretical risk of neosensitisation to allergens against which no IgE are detected prior to treatment. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the occurrence of neosensitisation during sublingual AIT (SLIT) with grass pollen and house dust mite (HDM) extracts. Method: In a first double-blind placebocontrolled (DBPC) study, 82 European grass pollen-allergic patients were treated sublingually for 4 months with a daily fivegrass pollen tablet or a placebo tablet. Seric IgE titers to recombinant Phl p 1, 2, 5b, 6, 7, 11, 12 and natural Phl p 4 were assessed before and after treatment, by using ImmunoCAP assays. In a second DBPC study, 509 European HDM-allergic patients were sublingually treated for one year with a daily HDM tablet or a placebo tablet. Seric IgE titers to purified natural or recombinant Der p 1, Der p 2 and Der p 10, and Der f 1 and Der f 2 were assessed before and after treatment, and one year after treatment cessation, by using ImmunoSolid- phase Allergen Chip (ISAC) assays. Results: In grass pollen-allergic patients who had no detectable IgE specific to given allergen(s) before treatment, there was no IgE induction to such allergen(s) during SLIT. This absence of IgE neosensitisation was confirmed by western blotting. In the HDM cohort, similarly, we observed neither de novo IgE responses to group 1, 2 and 10 allergens in patients who were unsensitised prior to immunotherapy, nor IgE neosensitisation to wheat germ or yeast components contained in the HDM culture medium. Conclusion: Based on seroepidemiological analyses performed in large cohorts of patients receiving SLIT based on either grass pollen or HDM extracts, we conclude that sublingual administration of allergens does not lead to any IgE neosensitisation. This further documents the superior safety profile of SLIT, when compared to SCIT.
What is the opinion of the patients under five grass pollen tablets immunotherapy? First season assessment in adults. Findings of the SMILE study; Background: The SMILE study was performed in Spain in 2012 to collect information about satisfaction with grass pollen tablet sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) and the quality of life (QoL) of grass pollen allergic patients. Method: In this observational, cross-sectional, multicenter study, allergy specialists collected information in a unique followup visit at the end of the grass pollen season 2012. Patients had to have uncontrolled moderate to severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) while being treated with symptomatic drugs and received a tablet for the first time with grass pollen according to a precoseasonal scheme. Satisfaction with treatment and QoL were assessed by two validated questionnaires, the ESPIA and RQLQ, respectively. Results are mean ± SD. Results: We present here the results of 226 adult patients. Fifty-five percent of them had asthma and 60% were polysensitised. Mean time of evolution of ARC was 10.4 ± 8.4 years. All the patients were treated with a tablet of five grasses extract (300 IR) for 4.9 ± 0.9 months. The ESPIA questionnaire ranges from 16 to 80 points (the higher, the more satis-fied). At the end of the treatment period, the global satisfaction was 62 ± 15 points (72 points adjusted over 100). ESPIA domains included: perceived efficacy (84 adjusted points), activities and environment (76 adjusted points), cost-benefit balance (76 adjusted points) and general satisfaction (82 adjusted points). The RQLQ ranges from 0 to 6 points (the higher, the more affected). At the end of the treatment period, the global score was 1.28 ± 1.10 points. RQLQ includes seven domains: activity limitation (1.90 ± 1.52), sleep problems (1.00 ± 1.39), nose symptoms (1.70 ± 1.49), eye symptoms (1.15 ± 1.26), non-nose/eye symptoms (1.09 ± 1.19), practical problems (1.74 ± 1.55) and emotional function (0.77 ± 1.10). An ad hoc questionnaire was administered to collect information about beliefs and attitudes of patients, using a 5-point Likert-like scale (from 'totally agree' to 'totally disagree'). The percentage of patients who either totally agreed or agreed with the following statements: It is important to administer the treatment properly (i.e. precoseasonally) (93%), an intermittent treatment is easier to follow than a continuous one (85%). Conclusion: In Spain, adult patients are highly satisfied with the precoseasonal treatment of grass pollen ARC with fivegrass SLIT tablets (300 IR). The RQLQ scores are low in all domains confirming the beneficial impact of the therapy.
Protocols measuring CD63 or CD203c with or without IL-3 priming lead to comparable conclusions for changes in specific activation of basophils from grass pollen allergic donors following specific immunotherapy; Background: Basophil surface markers CD63 and CD203c are widely used for addressing basophil activation. Different groups prefer different markers and protocols, and it is not clear whether one marker or protocol is superior for evaluating relevant changes over time following specific immunotherapy (SIT). For this reason we evaluated data obtained by different basophil activation test (BAT) protocols with respect to responses to P. pratense in basophils from grass pollen allergic donors measured at different time points before and after receiving SIT. Method: Forty grass pollen allergic individuals receiving SQ-standardised grassallergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT, Grazax 75,000 SQ-T), SCIT (Alutard SQ) or no treatment (controls) were followed for 11/2 years. Basophils in whole blood were stimulated with P. pratense (0.00015- 1500 ng/ml) w/wo IL-3 and activation markers measured by flow cytometry. Allergen- and/or IL-3-induced CD63 and CD203c expression were compared in terms of the percentage of double positive cells with high expression of CD63 and CD203c (degranulated cells) or mean fluorescence (MFI). Dose response curves were evaluated regarding sensitivity (EC50), max reactivity and a combination. Results: Basophil activation performed by the different methods was comparable with respect to sensitivity and max reactivity. Immunotherapy resulted in decreased basophil sensitivity as well as decreased max reactivity when measuring CD203c as well as CD63 with or without IL-3 priming. Some variations in the ranking of individual patients based on the different protocol/ BAT readouts were seen, but relative changes were comparable. Both sensitivity and max reactivity were transiently increased in the untreated patient group post pollen season. No correlation was found for sensitivity and reactivity. Conclusion: Selection of basophil protocol is not critical for evaluating basophil activation over time
Reaching maintenance dose with two injections in one week using an allergoid preparation for subcutaneous immunotherapy in children and adolescents; Background: SCIT with different dosage schedules to reach the maintenance dose are on the market. Initial treatment ranges from one day up to 16 weeks. By the use of an individual up-dosing scheme within one week the time to reach the maintenance dose can be reduced. In the last years several data with rush or cluster schemes for the initial treatment were presented or published. Especially chemically modified allergens (allergoids) show the potential for very fast up-dosing treatment. Method: Nineteen children and adolescents from 7 up to 17 years (17 male, ø 10.1 years) with an allergy against tress (hazel, elder, birch), grasses (incl. rye) or house dust mites (HDM) were treated with SCIT allergoid (20 000 AUM/ml) after a positive anamnesis, skin prick test and nasal provocation test. The registered dosage scheme for this product requires six injections in weekly intervals to reach the maintenance dose (starts with 0.05 ml up to 0.5 ml after 5 weeks). We examined a new scheme composing two injections within 1 week for trees, grass or HDM allergic patients. Two patients received SCIT with trees and grasses in different weeks. With our individual initial treatment scheme we injected 0.2 ml and then after 7 days 0.5 ml. After 4 weeks we gave the next injection with the maintenance dose. Results: Nine patients (8-15 years) received trees, eight children and adolescents (6.5-17 years) grasses and four patients (8-113/4 years) HDM. All patients reached the maintenance dose of 0.5 ml within 7 days. No systemic reactions were reported. Only slight local reactions (LR) on the injection site with redness and swelling <5 cm occurred. One child with trees developed a LR with <2 cm in ø following the second injection with 0.5 ml. Two children with grasses developed a small LR <1 cm in ø following the first injection with 0.2 ml. After the second injection only one child had again a small LR. No LR was documented concerning the patients with HDM injections. Conclusions: With this allergoid preparation an individual dosing scheme with two injections in 7 days was possible using different allergens. The safety and compliance was very good. This new dosage scheme is timesaving and an alternative to the registered up-dosing procedure.
Profile of patients treated with high-dose hypoallergenic pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy in the daily practice in Germany; Background: Pollen allergy is the most prevelant IgE-mediated allergy type with 86% of allergic patients in Germany reporting pollen-related allergic symptoms (Böcking C et al., Bundesgesundheitsblatt Gesundheitsforschung Gesundheitsschutz 2012). SIT is the only causal treatment option for IgE-mediated allergies, but nevertheless, <20% of the allergic patients in Germany receive SIT (Chivato T et al., JACI 2012). In Germany, subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is most often used (75% of therapies acc. to IMS NPA (German market) November 2012). Up to date more than 1 million people received SCIT with high-dose hypoallergenic pollen preparations from Allergopharma. But what is the profile of a typical patient in daily practice? Method: Demographic data of patients included in two post-marketing surveillance studies with high-dose hypoallergenic pollen preparations were evaluated. Data included sex, age, sensitisation profile, severity and duration of symptoms, medication use, and patients' rating of their condition on a 10-point visual analogue scale (VAS) during the preceding pollen season. Results: Data of 4981 patients were evaluated (55% female, 45% male). Patients were aged 4-79, with a median of 30. More than half of the patients were sensitised to only one allergen group. Most patients were sensitised to grass pollen (68%), followed by tree pollen (61%) and weeds (21%). 96% of patients suffered from allergic rhinitis, 84% from conjunctivitis and 32% from asthma. The median duration of disease ranged from 3 (asthma) to 4 years (rhinitis, conjunctivitis). About one half of the patients rated their rhinitis and conjunctivitis symptoms as of moderate severity. Intake of anti-symptomatic medication was as follows: 81% of patients took antihistamines, 41% corticosteroids, 19% beta- 2-agonists and 31% mast-cell stabilisers. Patients rated their condition during the preceding pollen season between 1 (very good) and 10 (very bad) points with a median of seven on the VAS. 84% of patients reported six points and worse. Conclusion: The typical patient receiving high-dose hypoallergenic pollen SCIT in the daily practice in Germany is around 30 years old, sensitised to only one allergen group, suffers since 4 years from allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis, needs antihistamines and rates his condition with 7/10 points of a visual rating scale.
How late can a perlingual pre-co seasonal immunotherapy against grass pollen rhinitis be started? It's never too late; Background: Among the several regimens of immunotherapy (IT), those pre-co seasonal seem to obtain more and more consent, even for the major demonstrated compliance. Nevertheless it is not clear yet, how long it is possible to delay the beginning of the pre seasonal phase to obtain anyway effectiveness against the allergic grass pollen rhinitis. The perlingual immunotherapy (PLIT) is a recent alternative to the most known sublingual IT. In this study, we observed if, starting the PLIT late, you get also a significant reduction of symptoms in grass pollen rhinitis. Methods: It has been administered PLIT against grass pollen with a pre-co seasonal regimen to 25 children (16 males and 9 females) between 5 and 18 years old with grass pollen rhinitis, 4 of them with grass pollen asthma. The PLIT starts from March/April. The clinical symptoms (0 = no symptoms, 1 = mild symptoms, 2 = moderate symptoms, 3 = severe symptoms) and rescue therapy were recorded in a daily diary. It has been created a single effectiveness parameter (SEP) inclusive of the severity of the symptoms as well as of the rescue therapy. At the end of each year was made a meeting with patients and parents together to estimate the outcome of PLIT. Our observation was conducted for two consecutive pollen seasons Results: All the children have completed the study. Both the single score of general symptoms, nasal symptoms, pulmonary symptoms, rescue therapy and the SEP, related to total symptoms and the rescue therapy, have demonstrated a significant reduction of 41% (P < 0.01) compared to the one obtained in the previous year of the treatment's beginning. Conclusions: This study, confirming a good compliance to PLIT, refers to a significant effective reduction of symptoms even though the IT started late compared to the recommended pre-co seasonal regimens.
Comparison of effect of subcutaneous immunotherapy with single or multiple allergens given in the same time; Background: Specific immunotherapy is widespread used in treatment of allergic disease. Route of application of allergen is crucial for therapeutic efficacy. Subcutaneous route (SCIT) is well documented for success, and other routes improved their efficacy. The other very important challenge is use of only one or multiples allergens in same preparation. Here we analyzed single or multiple allergen use in same time, but separated injected in treatment of SCIT immunotherapy. Method: Patient treated with SCIT at least two years was included in the study. Total and specific IgE was measured using enzimimmunoessay (ELISA). IgE were measured before SCIT and after one of treatment, Data were analyzed with Mann Whitney test of multiple correlation. Statistical analysis was performed with statistical package Statistica for Windows. Results: We analyzed 32 patients, 19 female and 13 male. Among all 17 were asthmatics, 6 with allergic rhinitis and 9 with eczema. Mean age was 33.29 years (SD 19). Mean total IgE concentration before SCIT was 648 IU/ml (SD 1287), and after one year mean total IgE was 512 IU/(ml (SD 884). Decrease of total IgE level was statistical significant at level P < 0.05. Specific IgE were measured for ragweed, tress, grass, home dust and fungi. Ten patients were treated with only one allergen, 12 with two, and 4 with three or four allergen. For all patients specific IgE was measured. No differences of results were noted if one or more allergen were given for SCIT. Improvement of clinical outcome according to used questionnaire was the same in any group. Conclusion: Clinical outcome of SCIT was the same in patients with only one allergen or more allergen, if they were injected separately.
Subcutaneus vs sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Subcutaneus (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy are the two most prescribed ruotes for administering allergen specific immunotherapy (ASI). They were shown to be effective in control of symptoms and in reducing rescue medication use in patients with allergic disease, but their effectiviness has to be balanced against side-effects. In recent years, SLIT has been increasingly prescribed, instead of SCIT, because of improved safety and easy administration. To assess which route is the most effective in the treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen. Method: An indirect meta-analysis-based comparison between SCIT and SLIT was performed. Treatment efficacy was determined as the standardised mean difference (SMD) in symptom and medication scores obtained with active treatment, SCIT or SLIT, compared to placebo. Studies were included if they were duoble-blind randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing SCIT or SLIT to placebo. Thirty-six RCTs (3014 patients, 2768 controls) were analyzed. Results: The overall effecy size of SCIT for symptom score (SMD, -0.92
Grass allergen immunotherapy tablets vs symptomatic treatment for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis-a health economic evaluation; Background: Previous health economic analyses for specific immunotherapy (SIT) have been based on short term clinical data or retrospective database searches. The purpose of this analysis is to assess the cost-effectiveness of the grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), GRAZAX® (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T / 2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) GRAZAX® compared to symptomatic treatment, using primarily evidence based data from a large long-term clinical trial. In that study, sustained effect in post-treatment years was demonstrated. Method: A health economic evaluation was performed based on a Markov model with a 10-year time horizon. A Danish societal view was adopted. The outcome was identified as quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). Information on resource consumption and the outcome was retrieved from trial data and the published peerreviewed literature. Sensitivity analyses were performed to identify parameters of critical importance for the result. Results: The incremental cost-utility ratio amounted to € 21 271.01 per QALY for GRAZAX® compared to symptomatic treatment. The cost-utility ratio is therefore below the commonly accepted willingnessto- pay threshold of £ 20 000 (∼ 25 000), stated by the UK's National Institute for Health and Clinical and Excellence. The sensitivity analysis identified the critical parameters to be the applied time horizon, inclusion of indirect costs, and risk of developing asthma. Conclusion: This health economic evaluation demonstrates that GRAZAX® in combination with symptomatic medication provides a cost-effective treatment option within a commonly accepted willingnessto- pay threshold.
Effects of treatment with sublingual and subcutaneous grass pollen specific immunotherapy preparations on IgG4 antibody level; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is characterised by a time and dose dependent induction of serum IgG antibodies. Recent findings suggest that IgGassociated inhibitory activity like IgE blocking activity or IgE facilitated allergen binding are correlated to the clinical success of treatment. We compared the IgG4 levels during the first and second years of treatment in patients desensitised with three different high-dose preparations: a sublingual unmodified allergen, a subcutaneous allergoid, and a subcutaneous recombinant grass pollen allergen preparation. Method: Prospectively planned analyses of serum IgG4 levels were performed using the Allergopharma ELISA in three doubleblind, placebo controlled clinical trials. For randomisation patients (18-60 years) had to have a history of hay fever, positive skin prick and conjunctival challenge test results, serum IgE to grass pollen allergens (EAST class ≥2), and relevant symptoms during the baseline grass pollen season (BL). Serum specific IgG4 levels were determined before and after 1& 2 treatment years. Results: Whilst for sublingual immunotherapy moderate increases in mean IgG4 levels from [μg/l]: 64 (BL) to 418 after 1 year and 1971 after 2 years were found, substantial increases of IgG4 levels occurred in subcutaneous immunotherapy using allergoid: [μg/l] 942 (BL), 61765 (year 1), 73433 (year 2) and recombinant phleum preparation [μg/l]: 539 (BL), 48631 (year 1), 352942 (year 2). There were no relevant changes of serum IgG4 levels in the placebo groups. Conclusion: The induction of the serum specific IgG4 antibody response appears to depend on the route, dose, and immunogenic properties of specific immunotherapy preparations. Although immune reactive activity to a certain extent for the high-dose sublingual preparation was observed, both SCIT preparations were more effective.
Efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet assessed by daily combined score: Results of three doubleblind placebo-controlled natural field studies in children/adolescents and adults; Background: Efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet has been demonstrated in short-term and long-term studies. Here we report the results of three single-season, natural field studies using the daily Combined Score (CS), a measure which equally weights symptom scores and rescue medication use. The use of this score is consistent with the World Allergy Organization's recommendation that a combined symptom and rescue medication score, especially one with equivalent importance of the two components, be utilised as the primary outcome measure of clinical trials with allergen specific immunotherapy for respiratory allergy. Method: In three short-term studies (2 in adults, 1 in children and adolescents), participants with grass pollen associated-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) were randomised to placebo or 300IR 5-grass pollen extract sublingual tablet starting 4 months (4M) prior to the pollen season and continuing for its duration. Participants scored each of their 6 rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms on a 0-3 scale [rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (RTSS, scale 0-18)] and reported rescue medication use (RMS, scale 0-3). The daily CS [(RTSS/6 + RMS)/2] was evaluated using a repeated measures ANCOVA model. Results: In the two adult studies, 284 (placebo = 148
Full symptom control in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen-results of a 2-year sublingual allergen immunotherapy study; Background: The aim of this non-interventional study was to document the impact of the routine sublingual immunotherapy and the tolerability with 5-grass pollen tablets (Stallergenes, France) on the symptom severity and the use of symptomatic medication in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis over 2 years of treatment. This paper focuses on the subgroup of all patients who completed the entire observation period of the study and describes those patients achieving full symptom control. Method: This prospective, open, non-controlled, multicenter trial included 1482 patients was conducted from September 2010 to October 2012 in Germany. About 652 of these patients completed the entire study period and built the subgroup of patients used for this analysis of the results after two years. The patients rated the severity of rhinitis and conjunctivitis as a combined rhinoconjunctivitis-score (0-6 scale). We defined a subgroup of patients who were fully controlled after the second year of treatment, i.e. patients with a rhinitis- and conjunctivitis-score of lesser degree of severity (max. mild). Results: According to this definition 82% (n = 534) of all patients who completed the entire study period were fully controlled after two years of medication use. The rhinoconjunctivitis-score decreased in these patients from a mean value of 4.10 to 1.77 during the first year and to 1.05 during the second year of treatment. The asthma-score decreased in fully controlled patients with asthma from a mean value of 3.42 to 1.31 during the first year and to 0.81 during the second year of treatment. During the grass pollen season preceding AIT treatment, 82% of the fully controlled patients had used symptomatic medication. This rate dropped to 45% during the first season and to 35% during the second season under SLIT therapy. Treatment was well tolerated in fully controlled patients with an incidence of adverse events of 8.4% during the 2 years of treatment. Conclusion: Adherence plays an important role in the management of patients with allergic rhinitis treated with AIT. Our results show that those patients being most adherent to therapy benefit most in terms of symptom control. A remarkably high number of the adherent patients (82%) treated with 5-grass-pollen tablets achieved a very good symptom control after two years of treatment.
Custom made sublingual immunotherapy tablets for allergy disorders; Background: Desensitisation of Type-1.IgE mediated allergy disorders is known over a century. SLIT (sublingual immunotherapy) emerged in recent times in place of SCIT (Subcutaneous immunotherapy) with merits of patient friendly, least life threatening side effects and increased adherence for a long term treatment. Recent literature search has shown that SLIT tablets containing grass & mites extract with fixed dose showed a good clinical response. Our research team made an attempt to formulate SLIT tablets for custom made prescriptions. Method: SLIT Tablets are designed to deliver antigen via sublingual route. Tablets were prepared by wet granulation method using starch paste as a binder. After drying the granules at 36°C, prescribed quantity of standard allergen was added and mixed. Latter Granules were blended with lubricant and glidant and compressed to 100 mg tablets. The custom made, personal medicine dossier details of SLIT tablets are presented. Formulation details (actives and excepients), evaluation (tablet hardness, disintegration time, weight variation, mouth dissolution time and assay) and the clinical details of adverse events of SLIT tablets are described. Results: SLIT Tablet complied with the requirements. Tablet thickness varied from 2.65 to 2.74 mm, weight Varied from 97- 103 mg and diameter of 6 mm. Content uniformity of 90-110% of the label claim was observed. Surface pH study showed pH ranging from 6 to 7. The tablets dissolved rapidly within 30 to 60 s. SLIT tablets had a greater power of releasing allergens. SLIT Tablets contact with sublingual mucosa attained dissolution in 2 min and possessed the feeling of freshness with least allergen bitter taste or smell. Conclusion: The sublingual tablet formulations showed promising response with less adverse effect and the results were comparable to SLIT drop formulations and to our research module SLIT STRIPE.
Specific sublingual immunotherapy in respiratory allergy patients; Background: The prevalence of allergic asthma and rhinitis is increasing worldwide. It is a growing medical, social and economic problem. The therapeutic management of allergy currently involves: allergen avoidance, symptomatic medication and specific immunotherapy. Only specific immunotherapy targets the underlying disease. Traditionally, immunotherapy has been administered subcutaneously. The development of immunotherapy as sublingual drops has provided a safer and more convenient alternative to the subcutaneous route. Method: Sixty patients suffering from grass pollen, house dust mites-induced rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma underwent specific immunotherapy with appropriate standardised allergen extract (Sevapharma, Czechrepublic) administered sublingually for two years. The diagnosis of respiratory allergy was made by clinical history, positive skin prick test to standardised pollen, house dust mites extract and the presence of specific IgE to the mixture of grass pollens, mites with class 3 as minimum value. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) involved a build-up or induction or updosing phase and maintenance phase with the maximum dose (10000 JSK, PNU
Specific immunotherapy efficacy: Which route is better?; Background: Allergen specific immunotherapy (ASIT) is a treatment capable of modifying the natural course of allergy. The aim of our study was to evaluate the clinical efficacy and adverse reactions of ASIT in adults with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma. Method: Data were collected using our made questionnaire for patients who were treated in the Center of Pulmonology and Allergology of Vilnius University Hospital with subcutaneous (SCIT) or sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy. All patients were asked about duration, route of the treatment, changes in allergy symptoms and adverse reactions during the treatment course. A total of 47 patients (28 females/ 19 males), 30 ± 7.2 years old were enrolled. 15 (31.9%) patients had asthma symptoms. 30 (63.8%) patients received SLIT, 17 (36.2%) - SCIT. All patients were treated with Stallergenes preparations: house dust mites mix - 21 (44.7%) patients, five grass polen mix - 17 (36.2%) patients, other allergens - 9 (19.1%) patients. Mean duration of ASIT was 16.9 ± 14.5 months. Results: The majority of patients indicated clinical improvement. Symptoms improved on the average after 7.2 ± 4.6 months: in SCIT group after 5.7 ± 5.4 months, in SLIT group after 8.1 ± 3.9 months (P = 0.018). There was no statistical significant difference between SCIT and SLIT groups in nose itching, sneezing, rhinorrhea, nasal congestion, palate's and eyes' itching and asthma symptoms. Eyes' tearing significantly improved in SLIT group after half a year (P = 0.032). Adverse reactions were mild in both groups. The main reaction in SLIT group (11 (36.7%) patients) was transient slight sublingual oedema in the built-up phase. Conclusion: ASIT is effective and safe treatment. The faster effect of ASIT was in SCIT group. There was no statistical significant difference between SCIT and SLIT groups in changes of allergy symptoms. Both ASIT routs were well tolerated.
Compliance and safety of perlingual spray application with an aqueous allergen extract of grass pollen; Background: Grass pollen are the main cause of allergic diseases during summer time in Germany. Specific sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) as a causal treatment is of increasing interest for many patients as they can apply this treatment by themselves. For this purpose a proper way of application should enhance the acceptance and compliance by the patients. Retrospectively, data of grass pollen allergic patients using the perlingual spray application could be analysed with respect to safety and patients' compliance. Method: For 25 grass pollen allergic patients between 18 and 66 years of age (16 female 9 male) using an aqueous allergen extract (SULGEN Spray 30 000 TU/ ml) of grass pollen the compliance has been retrospectively assessed using a scale from 0 = very bad 1 = bad 2 = satisfactory
The effect of standard regiment of specific immunotherapy on grass pollen induced allergic rhino-conjunctivitis; Background: We have evaluated the influence of specific immunotherapy (SIT) on the clinical symptoms and inflammatory response in patients with allergic (grass pollen induced) rhino-conjunctivitis. Method: Twenty-six patients (age range 18-44 years) with positive history for more than 2 years and skin-prick test ≥5 mm underwent conjunctival provocation tests before and after 1 year of SIT. Clinical severity of nasal and conjunctival symptoms during the season was assessed by 4- point arbitrary rating scale from 0 to 3. Conjunctival provocation were done out of the season until allergic symptoms occurred achieving the allergen threshold dose (ATD). Results: After 1 year of SIT we found reduction in clinical symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (burning, itching, lacrimation and hyperemia) P < 0.05 as well as reduction in clinical symptoms of allergic rhinitis (secretion, irritation, itching and nasal blockade) P < 0.01. Significantly higher allergen doses in provocation test (out of season) were tolerated after 1 year of performed SIT, reaching new ATD. Conclusion: Grass pollen SIT reduces clinical symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and modifies the inflammatory response after specific allergen challenge.
Prospective Adherence to Specific immunoTherapy in Europe (PASTE) survey-preliminary results; Background: In order for allergen immunotherapy (AIT) to induce long-term immunological and clinical effects, prolonged administration is required. Adherence to treatment is therefore very important. However, most studies evaluating adherence to AIT have been performed retrospectively, have followed patients for short periods or as part of clinical trials. Furthermore, adherence to venom immunotherapy is thought to be higher than respiratory diseases but studies confirming this are lacking. Methods: This EAACI Immunotherapy Interest Group endorsed survey aims to prospectively evaluate the rate of adherence to sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy in adults with allergic respiratory diseases and hymenoptera venom allergy in a 3 year period in real life practice across seven European countries. In addition, it will explore the reasons for lack of adherence and discontinuation of treatment. Results: In the first 3 months of the enrolment period, 538 participants meeting all inclusion criteria have been enrolled from Georgia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Poland, Portugal and Spain. Average age was 34.77 years with the majority (57.09%) being male. 81.77% were treated for allergic rhinitis, 46.68% for allergic conjunctivitis, 39.66% for asthma and 15.23% for hymenoptera venom allergy. 48.31% of participants suffered with the condition for over 5 years prior to receiving immunotherapy. 75.94% were treated by the subcutaneous route while 18.80% with sublingual drops and 5.26% sublingual tablets. The main allergens treated included grass pollens 35.53%, house dust mite 30.64%, Parietaria 21.24%, olive 12.41%, Vespula spp. 6.39% and Apis mellifera 5.83%. Conclusion: This survey has so far provided useful information on the practice of immunotherapy in different European countries. In order to assess adherence, the participants will be followed up 4-monthly for 3 years. An electronic form will be completed by the participants' clinicians to evaluate if any treatment doses are missed or if patients discontinue treatment and identify possible reasons for this. This will provide useful information for modifying clinical behaviours and attitudes towards AIT in order to improve adherence wherever possible.
Th2 cytokine response down-regulation enables T regulatory cell generation in patients treated with SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablets; Background: Phleum pratense allergen immunotherapy tablets (AIT) are a clinically efficient treatment for grass polleninduced rhinoconjunctivitis. This immunotherapy downregulates Th2 immune responses, induce tolerogenic pathways, and increases Tregulatory cell levels. Associated immune response biomarkers of allergen desensitisation nonetheless remain undefined. We sought to characterise the kinetics of individual changes in the immunological response to AIT and identify potential biomarkers of therapeutic effect. Method: We evaluated the systemic effects of AIT in a longitudinal analysis of humoral and cellular immune parameters in peripheral blood samples. Results: GRAZAX® AIT administration induced a two-phase systemic humoral and cellular response. The Th2 response was initially exacerbated, detected as increased allergen-specific IgE and IgG4 and an increase in IL4-producing cells, followed by downregulation of the Th2 response with a shift toward a Th1 cytokine profile. IL10-producing Tregulatory cells were also elicited. Statistical correlations between immunological measurements for each patient throughout therapy indicated that Th2 response downregulation and reduction of the immediate AIT-induced IgE response were associated with increased allergen-specific IgG4 synthesis early in therapy. Th2 response downregulation by month 4 correlated with generation of a Tregulatory cell-mediated response by 12 months. Conclusion: Changes in allergen-specific IgE levels following therapy predicted a specific IgG4 response and production of blocking antibodies correlated with Th2 response downregulation. Reduced IL4+ cell frequency was linked to generation of Tregulatory cells. Changes in sIgE, reduced IL-4 and blocking antibodies could thus be used to predict patient immune response to therapy.
One-year sublingual immunotherapy in asthmatic children do not influence on basophil's CD203c stimulated and spontaneous expression; Background. The only effective causative treatment of atopic diseases is immunotherapy. Sublingual form is safe and easy to administer, even by a child. There is a plenty of publications about clinical efficacy of SLIT but only few regard laboratory markers of SLIT action. The main goal of this study was to assess influence of sublingual immunotherapy on basophils activation through measurement of spontaneous and stimulated CD203c surface expression. Material and methods. 25 individuals aged of 8,13 ± 3,08 years old, suffering from atopic asthma and allergic rhinitis, sensitized to grass pollen and/or house dust mite allergens, shortlisted for specific immunotherapy, served as studied group. Tests were performed before and after one year of specific sublingual immunotherapy. Evaluation of CD203c surface expression was performed by flow cytometry. Results. One-year treatment did not influence the number of spontaneously activated basophils. Additionally, in the group of children suffering from asthma and sensitized to grass pollen 47,07 (30,04
Protocol for a double-blind randomised controlled trial of low dose intradermal grass pollen immunotherapy versus a histamine control on symptoms and medication use in adults with seasonal allergic rhinitis (PollenLITE); Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy with high dose grass pollen (typically microgram quantities) was first described over 100 years ago. This treatment suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses, with lesser effects on early responses. We previously reported that repeated 2-weekly intradermal injections of grass pollen - containing approximately 7 ng of major allergen Phl p 5 - led to a progressive suppression of the allergen-induced cutaneous response, and that by the sixth injection, this was inhibited by over 90%. The purpose of this trial is to investigate the clinical efficacy of intradermal desensitisation with low doses (i.e. nanogram quantities) of grass pollen allergen for seasonal allergic rhinitis. Methods/design: The Pollen Low dose Intradermal therapy Evaluation (PollenLITE) is a single centre double-blind randomised parallel group controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of intradermal grass pollen injections plus standard treatment, versus histamine injections plus standard treatment, in adults with moderate-severe grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (‘summer hay fever’). A minimum of ninety adults with a history of moderate-severe persistent allergic rhinitis during the UK grass pollen season will be randomised into two equal groups to receive 7 or 8 intradermal injections of grass pollen extract (containing approximately 7 ng of major allergen Phl p 5) or histamine, before the grass pollen season. In the summer, participants will score their symptoms, medication requirements, visual analogue scores, and complete EuroQOL (EQ-5D-5 L) and mini Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaires. Global assessments will also be recorded at the end of the pollen season. Blood samples will be collected from all participants for mechanistic immune assays. Skin punch biopsies will also be collected in 40 participants selected at random from intradermal injection sites after the grass pollen season for mechanistic assays. Finally, to investigate if the desensitising effect of intradermal immunotherapy on cutaneous responses is long-lasting, all participants will be randomised to receive a follow up intradermal injection after 3, 6 or 12 months with measurement of early and late response sizes. Discussion: Randomisation began in February 2013 and the final participant will complete the trial protocol in August 2014. Trial registration: ISRCTN78413121 EudraCT number 2012-002193-31.
Evaluation of a children's pollen immunotherapy service; Background: The international group, Allergic Rhinitis and Its Impact on Asthma (ARIA) developed guidelines for the management of allergic rhinitis (AR) defining criteria to enable clinicians to identify those suitable for specific immunotherapy (SIT). This article examines the management of AR in children and describes a service evaluation which examines the safety and efficacy of SIT in a children's tertiary allergy service. Methods: Data for the service evaluation were gathered from the clinic notes of children who commenced either sublingual (SLIT) or subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) to tree or grass pollen prior to the 2011 season. Results: Data were obtained from 54 (66.7%) children receiving grass and 27 (33.3%) receiving tree pollen SIT. Children who had immunotherapy administered via the subcutaneous route had more reactions on administration (77.8%)
Transient impact of omalizumab in pollen allergic patients undergoing specific immunotherapy; Background: Recently, we showed that combination of omalizumab with specific immunotherapy (SIT) for treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) and comorbid seasonal allergic asthma (SAA) is safe and reduced the symptom load in a statistically significant and clinically meaningful manner during the first pollen season. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate long-lasting effects of an initial combination treatment with SIT+omalizumab, a monoclonal anti-IgE antibody, in a follow-up period with SIT treatment only in patients with SAR and comorbid SAA incompletely controlled by conventional pharmacotherapy. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial was performed to assess the efficacy and safety of omalizumab (Xolair®) vs. placebo in combination with SIT (depigmented allergoid vaccine, Depigoid®) during the first grass pollen season. Omalizumab or placebo therapy was started 2 wk before SIT
Allergen immunotherapy as a drug: The new deal of grass allergen tablets from clinical trials to current practice; Currently, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) may be performed by a number of allergen extract in different preparations but in a near future only products fulfilling the requirements from the regulatory agencies, that make mandatory a pharmaceutical quality, will be authorized. Indeed, two products with such characteristics are already available for SLIT in grass pollen allergic patients, Grazax® from Alk-Abellò and Oralair® from Stallergenes. The data from registrative trials as well as from postmarketing studies provide evidence of efficacy and safety of such products. This articles reviews the similarities and the differences of Grazax® and Oralair®, both designed as drugs for the treatment of grass pollen allergy with the aim, which is exclusive of allergen immunotherapy, to work on the natural history of allergy and not only on symptoms as rescue medications do. The aim of this paper is to evaluate the available trials with Grazax® and Oralair® in terms of pre-seasonal schedule approach to support their use in clinical practice.Such kind of treatment makes possible a continuous dialogue between clinical investigators and clinical practitioners, and is the only way for scientific progress that puts the patient's health at the first place.
Transcutaneous delivery of CpG-adjuvanted allergen via laser-generated micropores; Background: Two main shortcomings of classical allergen-specific immunotherapy are long treatment duration and low patient compliance. Utilizing the unique immunological features of the skin by transcutaneous application of antigen opens new approaches not only for painless vaccine delivery, but also for allergen-specific immunotherapy. Under certain conditions, however, barrier disruption of the skin favors T helper 2-biased immune responses, which may lead to new sensitizations. Methods: In a prophylactic approach, an infra-red laser device was employed, producing an array of micropores of user-defined number, density, and depth on dorsal mouse skin. The grass pollen allergen Phl p 5 was administered by patch with or without the T helper 1-promoting CpG oligodeoxynucleotide 1826 as adjuvant, or was subcutaneously injected. Protection from allergic immune responses was tested by sensitization via injection of allergen adjuvanted with alum, followed by intranasal instillation. In a therapeutic setting, pre-sensitized mice were treated either by the standard method using subcutaneous injection or via laser-generated micropores. Sera were analyzed for IgG antibody subclass distribution by ELISA and for IgE antibodies by a basophil mediator release assay. Cytokine profiles from supernatants of re-stimulated lymphocytes and from bronchoalveolar lavage fluids were assessed by flow cytometry using a bead-based assay. The cellular composition of lavage fluids was determined by flow cytometry. Results: Application of antigen via micropores induced T helper 2-biased immune responses. Addition of CpG balanced the response and prevented from allergic sensitization, i.e. IgE induction, airway inflammation, and expression of T helper 2 cytokines. Therapeutic efficacy of transcutaneous immunotherapy was equal compared to subcutaneous injection, but was superior with respect to suppression of already established IgE responses. Conclusions: Transcutaneous immunotherapy via laser-generated micropores provides an efficient novel platform for treatment of type I allergic diseases. Furthermore, immunomodulation with T helper 1-promoting adjuvants can prevent the risk for new sensitization. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Food hypersensitivity in patients treated with specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT) for aeroallergens; Background: Coexistence of food hypersensitivity are frequently observed in patients with allergy to plant and animals. Principal method of cure of aeroallergens hypersensitivity is specific allergy immunotherapy (SIT). Effectiveness of this therapy is assessed based on clinical symptoms abated. Sometimes we observed less effect this method of treatment in some patients, probably connected with coexistence of food hypersensitivity, which could be cross allergy or co-allergy. Aim: The aim of this study was assessment prevalence of food hypersen-sitivity in patients with SIT. Methods: We analysis case history 55 patients with SIT for aeroallergens, in age 18 to 72 years (medium 55 years), 28 women in age 18 to 62 years (medium 36 years), and 27 man in age 18 to 72 years (medium 34 years). Results: Inclusion criteria to SIT in 41 patients was allergic rhinitis (AR), in 12 patients-coexistence of asthma and AR, and in 2 patients-asthma. More frequently we observed allergy for several aeroallergens-in 32 patients. Only in 23 patients have allergy for one aeroallergen. Most of patients was treated SIT for grass allergy-16 patients, dust mites-11, trees-10, trees and grasses-6, ragweed, cat-4, and for one to: grasses and ragweed, trees and ragweed, alternaria. Prevalence of food hypersensitivity in analyzing group of patients treated with SIT for aeroallergens was 27,2% (15 patients). More frequently we observed food hypersensitivity in patients with plant allergy-33,3% (13 patients). Between patients treated with SIT due to house dust mites allergy, we observed food hypersensitivity in 2 patients (18,1%), and we didn't observed coexistence of food hypersen-sitivity in patients treated with SIT for cat allergy and alternaria. Conclusion: Prevalence of food hypersensitivity in patients treated with SIT for aeroallergens was 27,2%. More frequently it was observed in patients with plant allergy-33,3%. Coexistence food hypersensitivity in this group of patients could influence on less effective results of SIT, because probably food hypersensitivity is important element supporting of allergy process in this patients. This idea is strong argument for intensive cure of food hypersensitivity in this patients.
A phase 3 trial assessing the efficacy and safety of grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in subjects with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis, with or without asthma; Background: Design and execution of immunotherapy trials for seasonal allergies may be complicated by numerous factors including variable allergy testing methods, pollen levels, and timing and intensity of other seasonal allergens. We evaluated grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) treatment in North American adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C), with/without asthma. Methods. Subjects age 18-65 with clinical history of grass pollen-induced AR/C, with/without asthma were randomized 1:1 to once-daily 2800 BAU Timothy grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T, containing approximately 15 μg of Phl p 5) or placebo. The AR/C symptom and medication scores were recorded daily. The primary end point was the average AR/C daily symptom score (DSS) during the entire grass pollen season (GPS). Ranked key secondary end points were Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) score, daily medication score (DMS), and percentage of well days, all over entire GPS. Safety was monitored through adverse event reporting. Results: Efficacy analysis included 289 subjects. Over the entire GPS, mean DSS was 6% lower with AIT versus placebo (5.69 vs. 6.06), but this difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.3475) despite significantly higher immunological response in the grass AIT group. No significant between-group differences were seen for key secondary end points. In general, DSS was high before GPS began and no clear relationship between DSS and grass pollen counts was seen during GPS. In post hoc analysis of subjects with pre-seasonal DSS ≤3, mean DSS and DMS were both significantly lower with grass AIT versus placebo (27%
ZAP70 expression in regulatory T cells in allergic rhinitis: Effect of immunotherapy; Background: Some allergic diseases may be accompanied by inappropriate number or malfunction of regulatory T cells, which seems to be modified by specific immunotherapy (SIT). Objectives: To assess if immunotherapy affects regulatory T lymphocytes (Tregs) and their expression of zeta chain associated protein kinase (Zap70), which is essential for T cell activation and intracellular signal downstream transduction. Methods: A 3-year prospective, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial of grass SIT was conducted. Forty-one patients sensitized to grass pollen with intermittent allergic rhinitis were randomized to receive SIT (n = 21) or placebo (n = 20) and 15 healthy were included as a control. Concentration of exhaled nitric oxide (ENO), lung function, symptom scores, the subsets of regulatory T cells (CD4+ CD25hiCD127low) which express ZAP70 and the level of ZAP70 expression in this subset were assessed at baseline and during the treatment period: before the onset, at the height of the pollen season and after the end of the pollen season. Results: The concentration of nitric oxide and the symptom score were significantly higher in allergic rhinitis patients as compared with the control group. Natural allergen stimulation diminished both the numbers of regulatory T cells that express ZAP70 and the expression of Zap70 within these cells. In the second year of treatment, immunotherapy reduced significantly the symptom scores, concentrations of ENO (P < 0.01), intensively increased expression of ZAP70 in regulatory T cells (P < 0.001) and the percentage of cells that express ZAP70 (P < 0.05) at the height of the pollen season. Placebo treatment did not reduce scores, ENO (P > 0.05) nor had influence on Zap70 expression (P > 0.05). Conclusions: SIT with grass pollen effectively reduces rhinitis severity and affects allergic airway inflammation reflected by reduction of ENO. Beneficial role of immunotherapy may result not only from the induction of Treg numbers but especially from cell activation and restitution of Treg intracellular signal transduction. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Subcutaneous immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: An evidence based review of the recent literature with recommendations; Background: Allergic rhinitis is a common allergic disease with increasing prevalence in Western Societies. Medical therapy is first line treatment, and is aimed at reducing symptoms of immunoglobulin E (IgE)-mediated inflammation of the nasal passages. In patients with disease refractory to medical therapy, subcutaneous immunotherapy is an option. The aim of this study is to update a recent Cochrane review with available level 1 evidence for seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was performed from 2006 to 2011 and compared with data from a 2007 Cochrane review on immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis. We included all studies of level 1 evidence. All forms of single extract immunotherapy were considered. Studies with primary asthma related end-points were excluded. Primary end-points were instruments of clinical efficacy (ie, symptom-medication scores) and adverse events. Results: We retrieved 12 level 1 studies for review. In total, 1512 patients were randomized into treatment groups, alternative study groups (alternative duration of therapy or sublingual immunotherapy [SLIT]), or placebo. Efficacy was evaluated based on reported symptom and/or medication score, validated quality of life instruments, immunological assays, challenge testing, and adverse events. Conclusion: Subcutaneous immunotherapy improves symptom and/or medication scores and validated quality of life measures. In addition, associated changes in surrogate markers of immunologic protection are observed. Subcutaneous immunotherapy is safe when administered to carefully selected patients and in settings capable of responding to systemic reactions. Subcutaneous immunotherapy is recommended for patients with seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis not responsive to conservative medical therapy, and whose symptoms significantly affect quality of life. Copyright © 2013 American Rhinologic Society-American Academy of Otolaryngic Allergy, LLC 3 7 July 2013 10.1002/alr.21141 REVIEW ARTICLE Review Articles © 2013 ARS-AAOA, LLC.
Pollinex Quattro: An innovative four injections immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis; The prevalence of seasonal allergic rhinitis in the western world is high and increasing. Besides considerably affecting physical and psychosocial aspects of patients' lives, allergic rhinitis is often associated with allergic asthma and may aggravate this condition over time. Specific immunotherapy is currently the only approved therapy that can modify the underlying disease process and induce long-term tolerance to allergens. Pollinex Quattro is a subcutaneous four injections immunotherapy consisting of tyrosine-absorbed specific allergoids and enhanced with the adjuvant monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL*). MPL* induces a significant Th1-type immune response, characterized by an increase of allergen-specific IgG antibody levels and dampening of the IgE response during allergen exposure. Due to this dual action of stimulating the immune system, Pollinex Quattro is clinically effective after only four injections given pre-seasonally. A large clinical program has demonstrated efficacy and tolerability of Pollinex Quattro in children, adolescents and adults with grass and tree pollen allergy. A health economics study concluded that an immunotherapy with only 4 injections might be more cost-beneficial than other application forms of immunotherapy. © 2013 Landes Bioscience.
Perennial is more effective than preseasonal subcutaneous immunotherapy in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Two different regimens of subcutaneous immunotherapy (IT), perennial or preseasonal, may be used in the treatment of seasonal allergy. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of perennial IT (PIT) and preseasonal IT (PSIT) in patients suffering from seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: The study was planned as a randomized, double-blind, comparative study on the efficacy and safety of PIT and PSIT. The study group comprised 120 patients allergic to grass and rye pollen. After the observational season they were randomized to receive PIT or PSIT for 3 years. The effect of IT was assessed based on symptom severity and medication use recorded in diaries. Results: Ninety-nine patients completed the study. No difference was seen between the groups regarding combined symptom medication score (SMS) in the first season of IT. During the second season, the difference between PIT and PSIT regarding combined SMS was 27.9% (p = 0.063) and reached 42.7% (p = 0.012) in favor of PIT in the third season. Both treatments had a similar safety profile. Conclusion: PIT was more effective than PSIT in the treatment of rhinoconjunctivitis in patients allergic to grass and rye pollens. Clinicaltrials.gov registration number NCT01555736. Copyright © 2013, OceanSide Publications, Inc., U.S.A.
Specific immunotherapy in childhood: Subcutaneous or sublingual administration; Background: Subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy are the two routes for administering allergen-specific immunotherapy for inhalative allergens. Immunotherapy: The only route of administration for children with bee or wasp venom allergy is SCIT and it is also the primary route of administration for children with asthmatic complaints. Both SCIT and SLIT were shown to be effective in controlling symptoms and in reducing rescue medication in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis sensitized to grass pollens. There is evidence from clinical trials that SLIT with specific grass pollen allergens administered as tablets (e.g. Grazax and Oralair) or drops (Infecto-SLIT forte) is effective and safe in children. A recently published meta-analysis compared both forms of administration and showed a trend toward favoring SCIT for symptom and medication scores. Moreover, local adverse events after SLIT, such as oral pruritus, burning sensation, lip or tongue swelling and gastrointestinal symptoms are pronounced during the first months of administration, which might reduce patient compliance and adherence to specific immunotherapy. Finally, SCIT but not SLIT showed a reduced risk of developing asthma and new sensitization during treatment and 7 years after discontinuation of therapy indicating long-term preventive effects of SCIT. Conclusions: Although there is evidence of effectiveness of both SCIT and SLIT with grass pollen extracts in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, SCIT is the primary mode of administration in children. Further research is needed to establish the clinical effectiveness of SCIT versus SLIT in a head-to-head trial in children. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Assessment of specific immunotherapy efficacy using a novel placeboscore-based method; Background: In trials of allergen immunotherapy, allergen exposure is typically assessed by pollen counts, but these may misrepresent exposure if performed remotely from multiple study centers. Objective: To assess whether symptomatology in placebotreated patients is a better measure of local allergen burden at individual centers in such trials. Methods: Data from a multicenter, placebo-controlled trial of preseasonal grass pollen immunotherapy were reanalyzed to identify the 4 weeks at each center in which the placebo-treated subjects had the highest combined symptom/medication scores (CSMS). The difference in CSMS between active and placebo groups was compared during the 4 peak placebo score weeks (PlSW) and the 4 peak pollen count weeks (PoCW). Results: The benefit of immunotherapy over placebo in the PlSW analysis (18.5%) was greater than in the PoCW analysis (13.6%), with increased statistical significance (p = 0.0001, 0.0038, respectively). Similar improved discrimination was observed when analyzing benefits in subgroups of patients with severe symptoms, a high disease burden, and in different geographical locations. Conclusion: This novel PlSW analysis results in better discrimination of the effects of allergen immunotherapy com-pared with placebo and may be widely applicable in similar studies, both prospectively and retrospectively. © 2013 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Sensitisation patterns and association with age, gender, and clinical symptoms in children with allergic rhinitis in primary care: A cross-sectional study; Originally received 2nd July 2012
Pediatric sublingual immunotherapy efficacy: Evidence analysis, 2009-2012; Objective: To perform a structured analysis of the latest scientific evidence obtained for the clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children. Data Sources: PubMed, Embase, reference lists from reviews, and personal databases were reviewed for original articles on clinical trials with SLIT in patients younger than 18 years published from January 1, 2009, through December 31, 2012, using broad search and medical subject heading terms. Study Selections: Clinical trials, irrespective of their design, of SLIT in the treatment of respiratory and food allergy in patients 18 years or younger were selected. Clinical outcomes (symptom scores, medication use, provocation tests, pulmonary function tests, skin prick tests, and adverse events) and immunologic changes were tabulated. Quality of each trial and total quality of compounded evidence was analyzed with the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation system. Results: Of 56 articles, 29 met the inclusion criteria. New evidence is robust for the precoseasonal tablet and drop grass pollen SLIT efficacy in allergic rhinitis and scarce for seasonal asthma. Some evidence for Alternaria SLIT efficacy is appearing. For house dust mite (HDM) SLIT in asthma, there is high-quality evidence for medication reduction while maintaining symptom control
Randomized controlled trial of ragweed allergy immunotherapy tablet efficacy and safety in North American adults; Background: Ragweed is an important cause of allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis (AR/C) in North America and elsewhere. Allergen immunotherapy enabling safe patient self-administration is considered an unmet clinical need. Allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) treatment has shown promising efficacy and safety for grass allergy but has not been assessed for ragweed allergy. Objective: To evaluate efficacy and safety of 2 short ragweed AIT doses in patients with AR/C. Methods: Adults with ragweed pollen-induced AR/C were randomized 1:1:1 to daily ragweed AIT (6 or 12 Amb a 1 units) or placebo before, throughout, and after ragweed season (approximately 52 weeks). Patients could use predefined allergy rescue medications in season. Efficacy end points included peak and entire season total combined score (TCS) and its components daily symptom score (DSS), and daily medication score (DMS). Safety assessments included adverse events. Results: A total of 565 patients were randomized. During peak season, the 6- and 12-Amb a 1 unit ragweed AIT doses showed 21% (-1.76 score) and 27% (-2.24 score) improvement in TCS vs placebo (P <.05). The 6- and 12-Amb a 1 unit AIT doses significantly improved DSS and DMS vs placebo (P <.05). Peak and entire season efficacy were comparable. The 12-Amb a 1 unit AIT dose reduced peak-season TCS vs placebo by 21% and 25% in subgroups with and without local application-site reactions, respectively. Most treatment-related adverse events were mild, oral reactions
Post-treatment efficacy of discontinuous treatment with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Sustained efficacy over three pollen seasons of pre- and co-seasonal treatment with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet has been demonstrated in adults with moderate-severe grass pollen-associated allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Objective: To assess the efficacy of discontinuous treatment with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet during the post-treatment pollen season of this long-term study. Methods: Adults aged 18-50, sensitized to grass pollen, with a history of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis for more than two pollen seasons, and a retrospective rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score ≥ 12 (0-18 scale), were randomized to receive Placebo or a 300IR tablet daily beginning either 4 months (4M) or 2 months (2M) prior to each pollen season and continuing for its duration for three consecutive years. They were followed over the subsequent immunotherapy-free pollen season. Post-treatment efficacy was evaluated using the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS, adjusting the Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score for rescue medication usage) during the post-treatment pollen period. Secondary endpoints included Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS), Average Rescue Medication Score (ARMS), overall Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) score and safety evaluation. Efficacy variables were analysed using ancova. Results: Overall, 435 patients contributed to the Year 4 efficacy analyses. The Least-Squares (LS) mean differences (95% confidence interval) in AAdSS between active treatment and Placebo over the fourth pollen period were -1.14 (-2.03
Economic evaluation of 5-grass pollen tablets versus placebo in the treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is aimed at modifying the immune response to a causative allergen, thereby reducing clinical symptoms and symptomatic medication intake and improving quality of life. Long-term AIT research has led to the development of 5-grass pollen tablets, currently indicated for the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis (AR). Methods: A post-hoc analysis was conducted using the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS) to compare the effect of treatment of AR with 5-grass pollen tablets versus placebo treatment. Using the results of the VO34.04 and VO53.06 trials and economic data, cost-effectiveness analysis of 5-grass pollen tablet treatment was performed from the Italian third-party payer perspective with cost data derived from a study of 2008 updated to 2011. Also a societal perspective was considered by using the costs related to the losses of productivity by following the human capital approach. Using the results of the analysis, the estimated receiver-operating characteristic curve was plotted to evaluate medication effectiveness in terms of quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) and a decision tree constructed to model the possible outcomes and costs for adults and paediatric patients with a low, medium, and high AAdSS. Finally, probabilistic sensitivity analysis was conducted to test the robustness of the results as well as their consistency at an assumed cost-effectiveness threshold of € 30,000/QALY. Results: The results indicate that compared to the placebo, the 5-grass pollen tablet treatment provides a benefit of 0.127 QALYs in medium AAdSS patients and of 0.143 QALYs in high AAdSS patients. The 5-grass pollen tablet treatment was found to cost € 1,024/QALY for patients with a medium AAdSS and € 1,035/QALY for patients with a high AAdSS. Of all the simulations performed in the probabilistic sensitivity analysis, 99 % indicated that the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of the 5-grass pollen tablet treatment was below the threshold of € 30,000/QALY in patients with medium and high AAdSS, whereas it was found to be dominated in 67 % of simulations related to patients with low AAdSS. Conclusion: The 5-grass pollen tablet is a cost-effective treatment for adult AR patients with a medium or high AAdSS. This finding should be carefully considered when deciding the management strategy for these patients. © 2013 The Author(s).
Update on Immune Mechanisms Associated with Sublingual Immunotherapy: Practical Implications for the Clinician; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is established as a safe and efficacious treatment for patients with type I respiratory allergies. The ability of SLIT to elicit antigen (allergen)-specific tolerance is linked to the peculiar biology of oral antigen-presenting cells. In the absence of danger signals, Langerhans cells, myeloid dendritic cells, and macrophages located in oral tissues, tonsils, and draining cervical lymph nodes are biased toward the induction of TH1 and IL-10-producing CD4+ regulatory T cells, thus supporting tolerance as opposed to inflammation. Sublingual administration does not lead to any detectable systemic exposure of intact allergens nor to IgE neosensitization. Oral tissues contain limited numbers of mast cells located in submucosal areas, thereby explaining the well-established safety profile of SLIT, with mostly local but rare systemic reactions. The induction of CD4+ regulatory T cells and blocking anti-inflammatory IgGs or IgAs are considered important for tolerance induction after SLIT. Specific molecular signatures associated with tolerogenic dendritic cells were recently reported during the onset of SLIT efficacy in the peripheral blood of patients exhibiting clinical benefit. Collectively, these observations confirm the induction of strong allergen-specific suppressive/tolerogenic immune responses during SLIT and pave the ground for the identification of biomarkers of efficacy. Practical implications of this emerging scientific knowledge are presented (1) to support the rational design of second-generation sublingual vaccines based on purified allergens, vector systems and/or adjuvants and (2) to help the clinician in decision making during his/her practice. © 2013 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Clinical efficacy and immunological response in children is similar to that of adults after the first treatment season with SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in two randomized trials; Background: Specific immunotherapy is the only treatment of IgE-mediated allergic diseases with the potential to modify the underlying cause of disease and prevent disease progression or even cure the disease. Treatment in children is therefore desirable. However, it is an open question whether immunotherapy in children and adolescents works as effective as demonstrated in adults. Objective: This post-hoc study compares the clinical efficacy and immunological response in children and adults based on two separate randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled trials with the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) (ALK, Denmark). Methods: Children and adults were treated with grass AIT or placebo prior to and during one grass pollen season. To account for seasonal and geographical variabilities in grass pollen counts between trials, data for the peak 2 weeks of the grass pollen season has been compared. Endpoints included rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores, medication scores and percentages well-days. Furthermore results for the entire pre- and co-seasonal periods of each trial in Phleum pratense-specific IgE-blocking factor and IgG4 have been compared. Results: The measured treatment efficacy during the peak grass pollen season from the pediatric and the adult trials were similar in difference relative to placebo for symptom scores (27%
Sustained and post-treatment efficacy of a 5-grass pollen allergen extract sublingual tablet in adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Purpose: Efficacy of 4 months pre- and co-seasonal treatment with a 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet has been demonstrated in single season studies in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Here we report the efficacy of discontinuous pre- and co-seasonal treatment during the third pollen season on therapy and the first pollen season after treatment cessation in a long term study. Methods: Adults were randomized (1:1:1) to receive placebo or 300IR (index of reactivity) 5-grass pollen allergen extract sublingual tablet daily, preand co-seasonally for three consecutive grass pollen seasons starting each year either 4 months (4M) or 2 months (2M) prior to the season and were followed during the subsequent, immunotherapy-free grass pollen season. The primary endpoint was the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS) during the third grass pollen season. Post-treatment efficacy was assessed using the AAdSS during the fourth grass pollen season. Secondary efficacy variables included the overall Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) score, assessed by patients at the middle of each grass pollen season. The AAdSS and overall RQLQ score were analyzed using an ANCOVA model. Results: 633 adults (300IR 4M: 207, 300IR 2M: 207, placebo: 219) were randomized. The difference vs. placebo for the AAdSS was statistically significant during the Year 3 pollen period for both 300IR 4M (Least Squares ]LS[ mean difference -1.82, 95% CI ]-2.61, -1.02[
Cross reactions between pollens and vegetable food allergens; Introduction. - The association of food allergies and pollinosis are numerous, implicating tree, grass and weed pollens on one hand and on the other, several plant foods which after ingestion can induce an oral syndrome or more severe reactions such as urticaria, Quincke's edema, asthma and even anaphylactic shock. Background. - The molecular basis of cross reactions between pollens and vegetable food allergens is increasingly understood. The principal allergens involved are those of the Bet v 1 family, and profilins found in all pollens as well as in many fruits and vegetables
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for allergic respiratory diseases was first described in 1986 and immediately appeared as a viable alternative to the traditional subcutaneous route. Since then, more than 60 randomized controlled trials have been published, almost all with very favorable results. The average improvement over placebo in symptom score and medication use was always greater than 20%. The results of the clinical trials were pooled in several meta-analyses, which consistently confirmed the efficacy of the treatment. SLIT is characterized by a satisfactory safety profile, its side effects being mainly limited to oral discomfort. Only six anaphylaxes and no fatalities have been so far reported. Due to the good risk:benefit ratio, SLIT is currently being investigated in diseases other than respiratory allergy, such as food allergy and atopic dermatitis. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd.
Sublingual solution for immunotherapy: Comparison of three different up-dosing schedules; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy for treating allergic rhinoconjunctivitis represents a convenient and well-tolerated alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy, however protocols for up-dosing prior to reaching maintenance are yet to be developed. Tolerability of three up-dosing schedules for a sublingual immunotherapy solution was evaluated. Patients and methods: A parallel, multicentre trial was performed in Poland and 236 adult subjects with a clinically-relevant history of moderate-to-severe grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were randomised to receive a sublingual solution of Phleum pratense (Osiris in France, SLIToneULTRA® in rest of Europe) in one of three 30-day up-dosing/maintenance schedules: the French currently used up-dosing schedule 11 days (group A, 83 subjects) and two simplified with two steps (fast 10 days and slow 20 days) schedules (group B, 73 subjects
Intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy: An effective and safe alternative treatment route for pollen-induced allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only causative treatment of IgE-mediated allergic disorders. The most common administration route is subcutaneous, which may necessitate more than 50 allergen injections during 3 to 5 years. Recent evidence suggests that direct intralymphatic injections could yield faster beneficial results with considerably lower allergen doses and markedly reduced numbers of injections. Objective: To evaluate the effects of intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy in pollen-allergic patients. Methods: In an open pilot investigation followed by a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, patients with allergic rhinitis were treated with 3 intralymphatic inguinal injections of ALK Alutard (containing 1000 SQ-U birch pollen or grass pollen) or placebo (ALK diluent). Clinical pre- and posttreatment parameters were assessed, the inflammatory cell content in nasal lavage fluids estimated, and the activation pattern of peripheral T cells described. Results: All patients tolerated the intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) treatment well, and the injections did not elicit any severe adverse event. Patients receiving active treatment displayed an initial increase in allergen-specific IgE level and peripheral T-cell activation. A clinical improvement in nasal allergic symptoms upon challenge was recorded along with a decreased inflammatory response in the nose. In addition, these patients reported an improvement in their seasonal allergic disease. No such changes were seen in the placebo group. Conclusions: Although this study is based on a limited number of patients, ILIT with grass-pollen or birch-pollen extracts appears to reduce nasal allergic symptoms without causing any safety problems. Hence, ILIT might constitute a less time-consuming and more cost-effective alternative to conventional subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy. © 2013 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Long-term efficacy of allergen immunotherapy: What do we expect?; Evaluation of: Stelmach I, Sobocinska A, Majak P, Smejda C, Jerzynska J, Stelmach W. Comparison of the long-term efficacy of 3- and 5-year house dust mite allergen immunotherapy. Ann. Allergy Asthma Immunol. 109, 274-278 (2012). Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only treatment of allergic diseases able to maintain its efficacy after discontinuation of treatment. The available literature suggests that a 3-year duration of treatment maintains the efficacy on allergic symptoms for at least an equivalent period of time. The current paper compares the 3- and 5-year duration in children with dust mite-induced asthma, and confirms that 3 years of SIT maintains its effectiveness for a further 3 years after stopping, with no significant difference compared with 5 years. Thus, 3 years is likely to be an adequate duration of SIT
The relevance of patient-reported outcomes in a grass pollen immunotherapy trial in children and adolescents with rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Patient-reported outcomes (PROs) are the only instruments available to assess the efficacy of an intervention in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. As allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a systemic disease, it is now recommended to use not only PROs focusing at classical symptoms, but also health-related quality of life (HRQL) instruments in immunotherapy trials. Methods: A previously published immunotherapy trial in children and adolescents (6-18yr) with hay fever provided us with data to assess the relevance of two of these additional outcome measures, the disease-specific rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) and the generic COOP/WONCA-charts (CWC). A PRO was considered relevant if it was responsive to pollen exposure and at least had a moderate correlation with the classical symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Furthermore, we evaluated a post-season PRO, that is, a global assessment of symptoms (GAS). This assessment is used in clinical trials as a tool for selecting participants with sufficient symptoms and in daily practice to evaluate the patient's complaints during the preceding season. We assessed the correlation of this retrospective score with the actual symptoms during the previous pollen season. Results: Data from 36 children and 63 adolescents were analysed. On the basis of the total scores of the paediatric and adolescent version of the RQLQ, both questionnaires were considered relevant as they were responsive to exposure and showed a moderate to strong correlation with the rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms. However, in both children and adolescents, 40% of the RQLQ items were not relevant according to our definition. The CWC as a whole and the separate charts appear less relevant because of the weak correlations with the daily symptom score from the diary. The correlation between our post-season GAS and the in season daily symptom score was weak. Conclusion: The paediatric and adolescent RQLQ are relevant, but could be shortened as they contain a substantial number of irrelevant items. The CWC are not relevant in the monitoring of children and adolescents with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollen. The retrospective GAS does not sufficiently reflect the actual symptoms during the preceding season. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Efficacy and safety of the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in mono- and polysensitized subjects; The efficacy of single-allergen-specific immunotherapy in polysensitized subjects is a matter of debate. We therefore performed a post hoc analysis of pooled data from six randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (N = 1871) comparing the efficacy and safety of the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark), in mono- and polysensitized subjects. A statistically significant reduction in the mean total combined symptom/medication score (TCS) of 27% was demonstrated in actively treated subjects compared with placebo (P < 0.0001). This was not dependent on sensitization status (P = 0.5772), suggesting a similar treatment effect in mono- and polysensitized subjects (i.e. reductions of the TCSs of 28% and 26%, respectively, both P < 0.0001). Finally, a comparable and favourable safety profile of grass AIT was demonstrated in the two subgroups. Thus, no difference in efficacy and safety of single-allergen grass AIT was observed between mono- and polysensitized subjects. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Induction of regulatory dendritic cells in correlation with clinical efficacy during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Biological markers associated with clinical benefit are needed in support of allergen-specific immunotherapy. Herein, we investigated whether molecular changes at the level of peripheral blood dendritic cells (DCs) induced during grass pollen sublingual immunother-apy were correlated with rhinoconjunctivitis symptom improvement. METHODS: In order to identify specific markers of DC subsets, whole proteomes from human monocyte-derived DCs differentiated toward either regulatory or proinflammatory functions were compared by 2D gel electrophoresis and label-free mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Markers such as CD71, FSCN1, IRF-4, NMES-1, MX1, TRAF1 were expressed specifically by DC1 and/or DC17 effector DCs. Regulatory DCs obtained under various conditions (eg in presence of Dexamethasone, IL10, VitD3.) expressed markers such as ANXA1, C1Q, CATC, GILZ, F13A, FKBP5, STAB1 and TPP1. The expression of those markers was assessed by quantitative PCR in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 79 grass pollen allergic patients enrolled in a double blind, placebo-controlled clinical study evaluating in an allergen exposure chamber the efficacyof sublingual tablets over a 4 month period. Importantly, the expression of two regulatory DC markers, i.e.C1Q and STAB1, was increased in PBMCs from clinical responders, as opposed to non-responders or placebo-treated patients. CONCLUSIONS: Successful SLIT induces circulating regulatory DCs detectable in the peripheral blood of those patients exhibiting clinical benefit. C1Q and STAB1 represent candidate biomarkers of early efficacy of allergen immunotherapy, as the hallmark of a regulatory innate immune response predictive of clinical tolerance.
Molecular differences in major and minor allergens from US grass species support the association of several pollens for specific immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Despite a high IgE cross-reactivity, pollen allergens display molecular differences between grass species, and consequently exhibit complementary T and B cell epitope repertoires. The extent of this molecular complementarity across distinct Pooideae species was evaluated for both major and minor pollen allergens. METHODS: Group 1 and 5 pollen allergens from five grasses commonly distributed in the US, namely Orchard, Timothy, Ryegrass, Sweet Vernalgrass and Kentucky Bluegrass, were purified and characterized in terms of primary structure (using mass spectrometry, or MS), T cell reactivity (based on the induction of CD154 in PBMCs) and IgE binding affinities (assessed in ELISA-inhibition). Animal antibodies were raised against various allergens. Allergen-specific glycoepitopes were analyzed by 1D-]and 2D-electrophoresis and Western blotting. RESULTS: Purified group 1 and 5 allergens exhibited considerable intra-and inter-species variability both in terms of aminoacid sequences and post-translational modifications. For most grass pollen-sensitized patients, this variability translates into T and/or B cell responses restricted to allergens from some of, but not all, species tested. Antibodies raised against group 2-4, 6, 11 or 12 allergens often react with species-restricted or-semi-restricted epitopes. Two-dimensional protein fractionation followed by MS confirmed that minor allergens display species-specific features. Species-specific glycoepitopes have been evidenced, and shown to elicit IgE in patients. CONCLUSIONS: Substantial differences are found between pollen allergens from five common US grasses, translating into species-restricted or-semi-restricted T and/or B cell epitopes. Combining those pollens for allergen-specific immunotherapy extends the repertoire of epitopes provided, and consequently should be more efficacious.
Immunotolerance mechanisms depend on high vs low dose of sublingual immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Even after 100 years of use, the optimal dose and details on the immune mechanisms behind successful allergen-specific immunother-apy remain unclear. METHODS: To determine the most effective dose for sublingual immu-notherapy (SLIT) and to investigate the immune mechanisms involved in successful SLIT. We performed a phase 1, single-site, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in timothy grass(TG)-allergic adults comparing treatment in three arms: placebo vs. low dose TG SLIT at 15 mcg daily vs. high dose TG SLIT at 150 mcg daily. Efficacy, clinical tolerance induction, and immune parameters were assessed throughout the 18-month study. RESULTS: Our results demonstrate that memory Treg are induced in subjects that undergo tolerance induction during low dose TG SLIT, whereas IFNg+ Th1 T cells predominate in tolerant subjects receiving high dose TG SLIT. Both active treatment arms resulted in better clinical outcome (P < 0.0001 for HD, P < 0.005 for LD) and increased TG-specific IgG4 as compared to placebo
Local nasal 'protective' immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4) responses in nasal fluid following grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is associated with induction of serum IgG4-associated blocking antibodies that prevent IgE-facilitated allergen binding to B cells (IgE-FAB). We hypothesised that local nasal inhibitory IgG4 antibodies are also induced following SLIT. METHODS: Nasal fluids were obtained from SLIT-treated patients (n57), untreated allergics (n57) and non-atopic controls (n58). Specific IgE and IgG4 to Phleum pratense (Phl p) components were measured by ISAC microarray technology. Inhibitory activity of nasal fluid and serum was measured using the IgE-FAB assay. RESULTS: Untreated allergics had elevated levels of rPhl p 1 (p=0.01) and rPhl p 5-specific IgE in nasal fluid compared to non-atopic controls. SLIT-treated patients showed a trend for an increase in rPhl p 1 (mean+/-SE, 6.062.7 ISU) and rPhl p 5-specific IgE (2.162.6 ISU) compared to untreated allergics (p=0.12). Recombinant Phl p 5-specific IgG4 levels were increased in SLIT-treated patients compared to untreated allergics (p=0.02) and non-atopic controls (p=0.003). Inhibitory activity in nasal fluid for co-operative bindingof allergen-IgE complexes to B cells in SLIT-treated patients was significantly reduced (p=0.004) compared to untreated allergics. These decreases in local nasal inhibitory activity paralleled reductions in serum inhibitory activity after SLIT (p=0.03). Interestingly, the magnitude of this suppression was more profound with local antibodies (45%) compared to the peripheral antibody responses (35%). CONCLUSIONS: For the first time, IgG4 antibodies with inhibitory activity for IgE-FAB were measured in the nasal fluid of SLIT treated patients. Local IgG4 antibodies may potentially be used as a surrogate/ predictive biomarker for monitoring SLIT.
Specific immunotherapy: Clinical experience with recombinant molecular major allergens and hypoallergenic variants; Currently, preparations containing native allergens or allergoids are used predominantly in allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) of inhaled allergies. The safety and efficacy of these preparations has been demonstrated. However, their reproducible production and standardisation requires substantial effort. Besides this, improved efficacy is often associated with higher doses and an increase in adverse events. The production of recombinant allergens could make SIT preparations more precisely definable, purer, more reproducible, safer and more efficacious. Furthermore, a more specific and individually tailored therapy would be conceivable. These effects could be further amplified by modification to hypoallergenic variants and peptides, or by the addition of adjuvants. Results of clinical trials with recombinant grass, birch and ragweed pollen, as well as with cat hair allergens have already been published. Particularly broad clinical experience exists for recombinant birch and grass pollen preparations, and results are promising for commercial application. Taken as a whole, this new technology can both improve the therapy of allergic diseases and deepen the understanding of the molecular mechanisms of SIT. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Oralair®: A causal treatment for grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a common disease, comprising more than just the classic symptoms of nasal obstruction, sneezing, rhinorrhea and itchy, watery eyes. Sufferers deal with severe impairments in daily life. Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is also considered an important risk factor in the development of asthma. Allergen avoidance, medication for symptomatic treatment and allergen-specific immunotherapy are cornerstones in therapeutic management, but immunotherapy is the only available treatment that is able to affect the natural course of allergy. In recent decades, clinical trials have investigated the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy. To date, efforts have been made to develop more convenient routes of administration. Substantial improvement may be achieved through the application of sublingual tablets. This article discusses the development process of immunotherapy and the clinical background of the Oralair® (Stallergènes, Hauts-de-Seine, France) five-grass pollen tablet. Furthermore, it outlines this tablets efficacy and safety properties. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd.
A systematic review and economic evaluation of subcutaneous and sublingual allergen immunotherapy in adults and children with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Severe allergic rhinitis uncontrolled by conventional medication can substantially affect quality of life. Immunotherapy involves administering increasing doses of a specific allergen, with the aim of reducing sensitivity and symptomatic reactions. Recent meta-analyses have concluded that both subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) are more effective than placebo in reducing symptoms. It is uncertain which route of administration is more effective and whether or not treatment is cost-effective.Objective: To determine the comparative clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of SCIT and SLIT for seasonal allergic rhinitis in adults and children.Data sources: Electronic databases {MEDLINE, EMBASE, The Cochrane Library [Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL)], NHS Economic Evaluation Database (NHS EED)} and trial registries (from inception up to April 2011).Review methods: Standard systematic review methods were used for study selection, data extraction and quality assessment. Double-blind randomised, placebo-controlled trials of SCIT or SLIT, or of SCIT compared with SLIT, and economic evaluations were included. Meta-analysis and indirect comparison meta-analysis and meta-regression were carried out. A new economic model was constructed to estimate cost-utility.Results: Meta-analyses found statistically significant effects for SCIT and SLIT compared with placebo across a number of outcome measures and for the vast majority of subgroup analyses (type and amount of allergen, duration of treatment). There was less evidence for children, but some results in favour of SLIT were statistically significant. Indirect comparisons did not provide conclusive results in favour of either SCIT or SLIT. Economic modelling suggested that, when compared with symptomatic treatment (ST), both SCIT and SLIT may become cost-effective at a threshold of £20,000-30,000 per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) from around 6 years, or 5 years for SCIT compared with SLIT (NHS and patient perspective). Limitations: It is uncertain to what extent changes in the outcome measures used in the trials translate into clinically meaningful benefits. Cost-effectiveness estimates are based on a simple model, limited data and a number of assumptions, and should be seen as indicative only.Conclusions: A benefit from both SCIT and SLIT compared with placebo has been consistently demonstrated, but the extent of this effectiveness in terms of clinical benefit is unclear. Both SCIT and SLIT may be cost-effective compared with ST from around 6 years (threshold of £20,000-30,000 per QALY). Further research is needed to establish the comparative effectiveness of SCIT compared with SLIT and to provide more robust cost-effectiveness estimates. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2013.
[A three year survey of the practical application of pollen monitoring in specific allergen immunotherapy].; Specific allergen immunotherapy should be modified according to sensitivity of the patient and the time interval between injections and seasonal allergen exposition. The aim of the study was to check the effectiveness of the multinomial logistic regression models predicting the pollen concentration during the pollen season in the immunotherapy trial in patients treated with grass and birch allergens. The study was performed in Krakow in 2011-2013. Models were validated for 2012 and 2013. The effectiveness of the total correct predictions slightly differed depending on the time series, in case of birch pollen the similar percentage of correct predictions was found in both study year, while in case of grass pollen, the predictions were more correct in 2012. A group of patients treated with grass and birch allergens filled in the diary cards during the pollen season. After the 2011 season 14 diary cards were analysed, while 18 and 19, in 2012 and 2013, respectively. Because of manifested symptoms, the injection dose was reduced during the season in 12 patients in 2011, in 9 patients in 2012 and in 6 patients in 2013. No visits were delayed because of medical indications. In some cases patients got the injection in time of the high pollen occurrence (2 cases, in 2011 and 2012). In 2013 in 10/17 patients the high pollen exposure was avoided thanks the information from pollen monitoring, in opposite to 1 and 8 patients in 2011 and 2012, respectively. Patients used antihistaminic drugs on request. The regional pollen monitoring data and satisfied co-operation with patients makes the possibility of closer control of the injection doses administration during immunotherapy in the pollen season.
The identification of potentially pathogenic and therapeutic epitopes from common human allergens; Objectives: To outline the processes involved in large-scale T-cell epitope identification from common allergens and illustrate their relevance to development of allergy specific immunotherapy. Data Sources: A set of studies recently published by our laboratory illustrating high-throughput identification of allergen specific T-cell epitopes. Study Selection: T-cell responses contribute both directly and indirectly to allergy-related disease. However, the molecular targets (epitopes) recognized by allergen-specific T cells are largely undefined. We review several different studies in the last 2 years that identified novel T-cell epitopes from a panel of 32 different allergen sources. Results: Allergen-specific T-cell responses are highly heterogeneous. Epitopes prevalently recognized in allergic patients are often capable of binding to multiple HLA class II molecules. This feature can be used to predict these promiscuous epitopes by bioinformatic predictions. This approach was validated in the Timothy grass system and then applied to a panel of 31 other allergen sources. Conclusion: T-cell epitopes for common allergens have been identified, and a general method to identify epitopes from additional allergens has been validated. Characterization of epitopes for common allergens might enable new diagnostics and immunotherapy regimens. These data will also allow the study of T-cell responses in different patient populations and throughout disease progression. © 2013 American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
A molecular diagnostic algorithm to guide pollen immunotherapy in Southern Europe: Towards component-resolved management of allergic diseases; Correct identification of the culprit allergen is an essential part of diagnosis and treatment in immunoglobulin E (IgE)-mediated allergic diseases. In recent years, molecular biology has made important advances facilitating such identification and overcoming some of the drawbacks of natural allergen extracts, which consist of mixtures of various proteins that may be allergenic or not, specific for the allergen source or widely distributed (panallergens). New technologies offer the opportunity for a more accurate component-resolved diagnosis, of benefit especially to polysensitized allergic patients. The basic elements of molecular diagnostics with potential relevance to immunotherapy prescription are reviewed here, with a focus on Southern European sensitization patterns to pollen allergens. We propose a basic algorithm regarding component-resolved diagnostic work-up for pollen allergen-specific immunotherapy candidates in Southern Europe
Celery - Cause of severe anaphylactic shock; Background: We present a case of anaphylactic shock induced by celery ingestion in a 28-year old woman with pollinosis during allergen (50% birch, 50% grass) immunotherapy. Case Report: A female patient, aged 28 was admitted to the clinic due to a serious anaphylactic reaction. The event took place 15 min after ingesting fresh celery. She recovered after routine treatment with adrenaline, corticosteroids and antazoline. Conclusions: Our case shows the possibility of simultaneous occurrence of hypersensitivity to inhaled allergens and food. In such cases, it is considered part of cross-reactivity We discuss the importance of cross-reactivity associated with sensitization to pollen and vegetable foods.
Allergen-specific CD4+ T cell responses in peripheral blood do not predict the early onset of clinical efficacy during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Surrogate biomarkers of efficacy are needed in support of allergen-specific immunotherapy. Objective: The aim of this study was to relate changes in peripheral CD4+ T cell responses to clinical efficacy during sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Methods: Allergen-specific CD4+ T cell responses were assessed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 89 grass pollen-allergic individuals enrolled in a double-blind placebo-controlled SLIT study conducted in an allergen exposure chamber (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00619827). Surface phenotype, proliferative responses, cytokine production and gene expression were analysed in coded samples at baseline, and after 2 and 4 months of SLIT, in PBMCs after in vitro allergen stimulation or among MHC class II/peptide (pMHCII)-tetramer-positive CD4+ T cells. Results: SLIT induced a 29.3% improvement of the average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score in the active group, when compared to the placebo group. In parallel, only minor changes in proportions of CD4+ T cells expressing Th1 (CCR5+, CXCR3+), Th2 (CRTh2+, CCR4+) and Treg (CD25+, CD127-, Foxp3+) markers were detected. A down-regulation of IL-4 and IL-10 gene expression and IL-10 secretion (P < 0.001) were observed, as well as a decrease in the frequency of potential "pro-allergic" CD27- Th2 cells from patients receiving active tablets (P < 0.001), but without any correlation with clinical benefit. pMHCII-tetramer analyses failed to document any major impact in both numbers and polarization of circulating Phl p 1- and Phl p 5-specific CD4+ T cells, confirming that early clinical improvement during SLIT is not associated with dramatic alterations in T lymphocyte responses. Conclusion & Clinical Relevance: Changes in patterns of peripheral CD4+ T cells are not markers for the early onset of efficacy during SLIT. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Antigen presentation by dendritic cells and the practice of immunotherapy; Allergen specific immunotherapy is the only disease-modifying modality available for allergy. Immunotherapy performed by allergistsimmunologists is an effective means to control long-term morbidity and health- related costs for chronic diseases affecting a significant part of the general population. A wealth of new information is now requiring a reassessment of immunotherapy and its practice. In the field of physiology, antigen presentation by dendritic cells has shed new light on our understanding of the mechanisms of immunotherapy. In clinical practice, the sublingual administration of allergens has opened immunotherapy to an array of new applications and is promising to make immunotherapy available to large numbers of patients. The new developments, both scientific and clinical, are reviewed and a number of practical issues are addressed in view of the broadening of the practice of immunotherapy.
Postmarketing Study for Assessment of Tolerability of a Grass Allergen Immunotherapy Tablet (GRAZAX) in Patients With Rhinitis or Rhinoconjunctivitis; Background and Objective: Many patients with grass pollen allergy in Spain have concomitant sensitization to other allergens such as profilin. Since this type of sensitization is more common in Mediterranean countries than in countries where most patients were enrolled in clinical trials on GRAZAX (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK), the aim of this study was to analyze tolerability to GRAZAX under clinical practice conditions in patients with grass pollen allergy. Methods: A total of 155 patients were enrolled consecutively in a prospective, open-label, observational study. Adverse reactions were recorded during the first month of treatment at 3 different timepoints: after the first dose, when patients were kept under observation for 30 minutes, and on days 15 and 30 after starting treatment Results: With the first dose, 117 adverse reactions were recorded in 63 patients (40.7%). The commonest reactions (>10% patients) were oral pruritus (25.2%) and throat irritation (24.5%). Ear pruritus was recorded in 7.7%. All reactions but 1 occurred within 30 minutes of administration and all were mild-to-moderate. At the end of treatment, the percentage of patients with adverse reactions had decreased significantly (21.3%). Most adverse reactions(95.2%) were mild-to-moderate and only 3 (1.4%) were severe. No serious adverse reactions were recorded. Conclusion: GRAZAX seems to be well tolerated, and most reactions were mild-to-moderate. Many of these reactions occur with the first dose. Therefore, according to the Summary of Product Characteristics, the first dose has to be administered under medical supervision. © 2012 Esmon Publicidad.
Long-term efficacy of specific immunotherapy in rhino-conjunctivitis to pollens; Aim: Evaluate long -term clinical efficacy two years after suspension of specific immunotherapy in patients with seasonal rhino- -conjunctivitis. Methodology: During five years an immunotherapy extract of grass pollens by subcutaneous route (SCIT) was administered to a group of 16 patients with moderate to severe rhinoconjunctivitis, monosensitised to grass pollens. The mean age of the patients was 27.8 years, with homogeneous sex distribution. After the terminus of SCIT the group was followed during two more years to evaluate symptomatology and the use of rescue medication. We have compared this group with another group who did not perform SCIT. All patients received weekly information about forecasts and grass pollens count in their residential area. An informatics sheet was used to evaluate daily 4 degrees of 6 parameters including nasal and eye symptoms and any use of medication used to control the disease. As statistical method ANOVA test and Student's t test were used for analyse mean differences between the two groups. For correlations the Spearman method was used. Results: During the immediate 2 years after SCIT in the active group, a significant reduction on symptoms (42%) as well as a reduction on the use of rescue medication (59%) were observed (p<0.01), compared with the control group. The eye symptoms had a higher reduction than nasal symptoms after the suspension of SCIT. Conclusions: A long -term efficacy of SCIT was verified even after the suspension of the treatment, with reduction on symptoms and on use of rescue medication. The use of a daily score of symptoms and needs on rescue medication was very useful to the majority of the patients. Providing regular information to patients regarding pollen count was considered useful to promote a self -management and a better quality of life to the patients.
Increased apoptosis of mononuclear cells in atopic patients - the effect of pollen season and stimulation with specific antigen; Introduction. Elevated proliferative activity of mononuclear cells (MNCs) in peripheral blood of atopic patients may be associated with shorter cell survival. Aim. Assessment of the apoptosis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (MNCs) from atopic patients before and during symptomatic pollen season as compared to non-atopic controls. Materials and methods. MNCs were obtained from 15 pollen-sensitive patients with seasonal rhinitis/asthma (SR/A) before and during the pollen season, and from 16 non-atopic controls. Apoptosis was assessed by fluorescent microscopy after staining with acridine orange and ethidium bromide, and confirmed by DNA fragmentation analysis. Both adherent and non-adherent MNCs were analysed. Results. Both before and during the pollen season, MNCs from pollensensitive patients, as compared to controls, demonstrated significantly enhanced spontaneous apoptosis at 24h, 48h and 72h of culture. MNCs isolated from atopic patients demonstrated also significantly enhanced ConA induced apoptosis as compared to non-atopic patients. During the pollen season in allergic patients, spontaneous apoptosis of MNCs and lymphocytes was significantly higher as compared with preseasonal values (p<0.05). Incubation of non-adherent MNCs with timothy allergen increased the cell apoptosis before the grass pollen season (on average by 33% at 48h), but significantly inhibited apoptosis of lymphocytes studied during the pollen season (on average by 27% at 48 h). Conclusion. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells from asymptomatic pollen-sensitive patients exhibit increased apoptosis, and this process is modulated by in vitro stimulation with specific allergen and by the exposure during natural pollen season. © Alergia Astma Immunologia 2012.
Clinical efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in a US study: The importance of allergen-specific serum IgE; Background: Previous trials have demonstrated the efficacy, safety, and optimal dosage of the 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet for adults and children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Objectives: We sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 300 index of reactivity (IR) 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in US adults. Methods: Adults with grass pollen allergy and Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Scores of 12 or greater (scale, 0-18) during the previous grass pollen season were randomized in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to receive 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet or placebo starting 4 months before and continuing through the pollen season. The primary efficacy end point was the daily Combined Score (CS
Repeated low dose intradermal allergen injection suppresses allergeninduced cutaneous late responses; Background Subcutaneous immunotherapy with high dose grass pollen was first described over 100 years ago. This treatment suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses, with lesser effects on early responses. In contrast, low dose subcutaneous immunotherapy has failed to show clinical benefit. Uncontrolled reports from the early 20th century describe low dose allergen inoculation directly into the dermis, an immunologically active area containing abundant dendritic cells and lymphatics. We aimed to investigate the effect of low dose intradermal grass pollen administration on cutaneous reactivity to allergen. Methods Thirty adults sensitised to grass and tree pollens were randomised to receive (1) six repeat intradermal injections at two week intervals of grass pollen extract (estimated 7 ng of major grass allergen Phl p 5 per injection), (2) two intradermal injections separated by 10 weeks, or (3) a single intradermal injection at 10 weeks. At the end of the study, cutaneous early and late responses were measured following double-blind intradermal injection with grass and birch pollen. Results and Conclusion Participants who received six fortnightly intradermal grass pollen injections had markedly smaller cutaneous late responses to grass pollen than controls who received two injections separated by 10 weeks (P < 0.01) or a single injection (P < 0.001), and showed induction of grass pollenspecific IgG antibodies. Suppression was observed whether late responses were measured on arms or the back. However, early responses were equivalent in all groups. In conclusion, low dose intradermal allergen, like conventional subcutaneous high dose immmunotherapy, suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses in a manner that is allergen-specific, systemic and associated with induction of IgG antibodies.
Audit of paediatric pollen immunotherapy in a regional clinic: Quality of life outcomes; Background Specific immunotherapy [SIT] is regarded as an effective treatment for grass and/or tree pollen-induced severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. However, information on quality of life benefits for children is lacking. This audit provides further update on the experience of pollen SIT within one regional allergy centre and reports on changes in symptoms and quality of life parameters. Methods Patient demographics, clinical and treatment profiles were recorded from notes review. Symptom and quality of life scores were collected from questionnaires completed by children before undergoing SIT, and during each pollen season thereafter. Scores for medication needs were adapted from the World Allergy Organisation research recommendations. Results Questionnaires (n = 135) were available for 50/66 [76%] patients [males, 56%
British Society for Allergy and Clinical Immunology Abstracts of the 2012 Annual Meeting; The proceedings contain 131 papers. The topics discussed include: T cell cytokine responses to the superantigen staphylococcal enterotoxin B (SEB) are reduced in highly atopic individuals
Disease-modifying effect of 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets in the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adults: Assessment over an additional immunotherapy-free pollen season; Background and Aims Allergen immunotherapy with 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet has proven effective over three consecutive grass pollen seasons and disease-modifying in the following, immunotherapy-free season. Here we report the efficacy over an additional immunotherapy -free season. Methods In this double-blind, multi-center study, adults (18-50 years of age) with grass pollen-associated moderate to severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized to receive 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet or placebo sublingually, once daily, starting approximately four months prior to the expected onset of the grass pollen season and continuing for its duration, for each of three consecutive pollen seasons (Year 1 through Year 3). Patients were followed for two years post-treatment (Year 4 and Year 5). The Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS) during the Year 5 pollen period was the endpoint for assessing Year 5 post-treatment efficacy. The AAdSS, which adjusts the Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score for rescue medication use, was analysed using an analysis of covariance with treatment and pooled study centre as main effects, and age, gender, asthma status, sensitisation status as covariates. Results Efficacy results for Year 5 will be presented at the congress on the poster. Conclusions Efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet over an additional immunotherapy-free season after three years of pre- and co-seasonal treatment will be presented.
Allergic rhinitis: A review; Allergic rhinitis is a common condition that occurs due to an inflammatory response that involves the release of histamine, which is initiated by allergens that are deposited on the nasal mucosa. Allergens that are responsible for seasonal allergic rhinitis include grass pollens, tree pollens and fungal mould spores. Perennial allergic rhinitis occurs when symptoms are present all year round and is commonly caused by house dust mites, animal dander and feathers. The symptoms of allergic rhinitis can be extremely irritating and affect the patient's quality of life. Management of allergic rhinitis includes identifying and avoiding the allergen where possible, and treatment to relieve the unpleasant symptoms. © Medpharm.
The first year of treatment with sublingual tablet Oralair; AIT isthe only causative therapy of respiratory allergy of the 1 type,whichmodifies allergy deseases. Sublingual administration is n"owadays" a firmly established and efficient therapy. Since November 2010,therehas been a new form of this non-invasive mucose therapy in tablet in Slovakia. Our first experiences with this therapy after a year's time are described in the article.
Assessment of specific immunotherapy efficacy using a novel placebo score-based method; Background: In trials of allergen immunotherapy, allergen exposure is typically assessed by pollen counts, but these may misrepresent exposure if performed remotely from multiple study centers. Objective: To assess whether symptomatology in placebo-treated patients is a better measure of local allergen burden at individual centers in such trials. Methods: Data from a multicenter, placebo-controlled trial of preseasonal grass pollen immunotherapy were reanalyzed to identify the 4 weeks at each center in which the placebo-treated subjects had the highest combined symptom/medication scores (CSMS). The difference in CSMS between active and placebo groups was compared during the 4 peak placebo score weeks (PlSW) and the 4 peak pollen count weeks (PoCW). Results: The benefit of immunotherapy over placebo in the PlSW analysis (18.5%) was greater than in the PoCW analysis (13.6%), with increased statistical significance (P =.0001,.0038, respectively). Similar improved discrimination was observed when analyzing benefits in subgroups of patients with severe symptoms, a high disease burden, and in different geographical locations. Conclusion: This novel PlSW analysis results in better discrimination of the effects of allergen immunotherapy compared with placebo and may be widely applicable in similar studies, both prospectively and retrospectively. © 2012 American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Post marketing study (PMS) about specific immunotherapy with a grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT); Since 2007 the sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) GRAZAX® has been available in Austria for the causal treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis. The effectiveness of the AIT has been demonstrated in multiple clinical studies. Additional data on the safety and tolerability of the grass AIT were collected in a post marketing study with 577 grass-allergic-patients treated by 73 Austrian physicians. This non-interventional study demonstrated a high level of treatment adherence of 80% after 1 year of treatment. Additionally 90% of the patients treated with AIT reported an improvement of their allergy symptoms. The treatment was overall very well tolerated - the majority of the reported drug adverse reactions (92.4%) were transient, mild to moderate reactions located mainly in the oral cavity or the throat. There were no treatment-related serious adverse events reported in the study. These results on the safety, practicability and acceptance of the grass tablet confirm that AIT is appropriate for home administration. © 2012 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Unique and cross-reactive T cell epitope peptides of the major bahia grass pollen allergen, pas n 1; Background: Bahia grass pollen (BaGP) is a major cause of allergic rhinitis. Subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy is effective for grass pollen allergy, but is unsuitable for patients with moderate to severe asthma due to the risk of anaphylaxis. T cell-reactive but IgE nonreactive peptides provide a safer treatment option. This study aimed to identify and characterize dominant CD4+ T cell epitope peptides of the major BaGP allergen, Pas n 1. Methods: Pas n 1-specific T cell lines generated from the peripheral blood of BaGP-allergic subjects were tested for proliferative and cytokine response to overlapping 20-mer Pas n 1 peptides. Cross-reactivity to homologous peptides from Lol p 1 and Cyn d 1 of Ryegrass and Bermuda grass pollen, respectively, was assessed using Pas n 1 peptide-specific T cell clones. MHC class II restriction of Pas n 1 peptide T cell recognition was determined by HLA blocking assays and peptide IgE reactivity tested by dot blotting. Results: Three Pas n 1 peptides showed dominant T cell reactivity
Transcutaneous immunotherapy via laser-generated micropores efficiently alleviates allergic asthma in Phl p 5-sensitized mice; Background Specific immunotherapy via the subcutaneous or oral route is associated with local and, in some cases, systemic side effects and suffers from low patient compliance. Due to its unique immunological features, the skin represents a promising target tissue for effective and painless treatment of type I allergy. The current study was performed to compare the efficacy of transcutaneous immunotherapy via laser-generated micropores to subcutaneous injection. Methods BALB/c mice were sensitized by intraperitoneal injection of recombinant grass pollen allergen Phl p 5 together with alum. Subsequently, lung inflammation was induced by repeated intranasal challenge. During the treatment phase, adjuvant-free Phl p 5 was applied in solution to microporated skin or was subcutaneously injected. Lung function and cellular infiltration
Efficacy of subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: A meta-analysis-based comparison; Background: Subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy are the 2 most prescribed routes for administering allergen-specific immunotherapy. They were shown to be effective in control of symptoms and in reducing rescue medication use in patients with allergic diseases, but their effectiveness has to be balanced against side effects. In recent years, SLIT has been increasingly prescribed, instead of SCIT, because of improved safety and easy administration. Objective: We assessed which route is the most effective in the treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen. Methods: An indirect meta-analysis-based comparison between SCIT and SLIT was performed. Treatment efficacy was determined as the standardized mean difference (SMD) in symptom and medication scores obtained with active treatment, SCIT or SLIT, compared with placebo. Studies were included if they were double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing SCIT or SLIT with placebo. Thirty-six randomized controlled trials (3014 patients
Allergy patients treated with immunotherapy experience increased quality of life and fewer sick days after one year; OBJECTIVES: To assess the effect of subcutaneous-allergen-specific-immunotherapy (SCIT) on disease severity classifications, number of days affected and sick days per year on patients with grass-pollen and/or house dust mite (HDM) induced allergic rhino-conjunctivitis (RC) and/or asthma (A). METHODS: A total of 248 patients started SCIT
Clinical effects of immunotherapy in patients with allergic disease in the national institute of respiratory diseases; Previous studies have shown that after the treatment with immunotherapy there is a reduction in the number of visits to emergency services for asthma crisis, a significant improvement in pulmonary function tests: forced vital capacity (FVC), forced expiratory volume percentage in one second (FEV1%) and in the percentage of peak expiratory flow (PEF%) and the dose and number of drugs. There is also evidence of decreased response to skin tests and IgE levels with immunotherapy specific to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (Dpt). The objective of this study was to evaluate the clinical effects of immunotherapy in patients with allergic disease treated at the National Institute of Respiratory Diseases in Mexico City, Mexico. There was a random selection in a retrospective of clinical records of 99 patients with positive skin tests and more than 18 months of treatment with subcutaneous immunotherapy specific to epithelia, pollens from trees, grasses and weeds
Efficacy of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in European and North American patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Treatment with Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets (AIT) is an established immunotherapy treatment in Europe for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) caused by Timothy and related grasses. In the US, grass AIT is still under investigation. In light of the differences in demographics and pollen exposure between North America and European populations, we examined responses to grass AIT treatment observed in these distinct regions. Methods: 2 European and 2 North American double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials randomly assigned patients with grass pollen-induced ARC with or without asthma 1:1 to once-daily grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 2800 BAU) or placebo before and throughout grass pollen season (GPS). Approval was obtained from appropriate IRBs and informed consent obtained from all research subjects. Subjects in all treatment groups had access to predefined, open-label allergy rescue medications to use in a stepwise manner during GPS if a prespecified ARC symptom threshold was met. All trials evaluated daily rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores. We examined between-treatment differences in total combined score (TCS
Cellular effects of intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is used to treat patients with IgE-mediated allergic disorders. In Sweden, the current subcutaneous treatment protocol necessitates more than 50 physician-administrated injections during 3-5 years. Therefore, there is a need to reduce the duration and increase the attractiveness of the therapy. Recent evidence suggests that direct intralymphatic injections could yield a faster beneficial result with a lower allergen dose. In this double-blind placebo-controlled study we have evaluated the cellular effects of intralymphatic allergen-specific immunotherapy (ILIT). Method: Patients with pollen-induced allergic rhinitis were recruited and treated with three intralymphatic injections (with an interval of 4 weeks) of ALK Alutard (containing 1000 SQ-U birch- or grass-pollen) or placebo (ALK diluent). Pre- and post-treatment, clinical parameters were evaluated and nasal lavage fluids were collected and analyzed for live and dead cells along with inflammatory mediators. Also, mononuclear cells and granulocytes were isolated and cultured in vitro and assessed for various activation markers. Result: All patients given ILIT tolerated the treatment well and did not suffer from any adverse events. Preliminary data suggest that patients having undergone ILIT display clinical improvement of nasal symptoms, lower levels of pulmonary NO and a decreased inflammatory response in the nose characterized by reduced numbers of cells and lowered levels of inflammatory mediators in nasal lavage fluids. Additionally, data on cells cultured with allergen in vitro points towards an enhanced proliferation of allergen-specific lymphocytes along with suppressed levels of activated granulocytes after completed treatment. Conclusion: ILIT appears to be safe for the patients and this treatment strategy seems to affect clinical parameters as well as the activation of granulocytes and mononuclear cells. Hence, ILIT might constitute a less time-consuming and more cost-effective alternative to conventional subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy.
Changes in allergen-specific CD4+ T-cell responses during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy do not correlate with short-term clinical efficacy; Background: Biomarkers predicting sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) efficacy remain to be established. To identify such surrogates, we monitored CD4+ T cell responses in the context of a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled study conducted in an allergen challenge chamber. Method: Eighty-nine patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen received sublingually once a day for 4 months either a placebo or a five-grass pollen tablet. Blood samples were collected before and after 2 and 4 months of treatment to assess allergen-specific CD4+ T cell responses. Surface phenotype, proliferative responses, cytokine production and gene expression were analysed in PBMCs after in vitro allergen stimulation and among MHC class II/peptide-tetramer positive cells. Result: Patients receiving the grass pollen tablet had a relative mean improvement of 29.3% vs placebo in the average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score at end point. By monitoring Th1 (CCR5+), Th2 (CRTh2+, CCR4+) and Treg (CD25+ CD127- Foxp3+) markers, minor changes were observed in the phenotype of CD4+ PBMCs in both active and placebo groups. IL-4 and IL-10 (P < 0.001) gene expression, IL-10 secretion (P < 0.01) and percentages of potential 'pro-allergic' Th2A cells were decreased in patients receiving active tablets, without any correlation with clinical benefit. pMHCII-tetramer analysis of Phl p 1- and Phl p 5-specific CD4+ T cells confirmed that SLIT clinical efficacy is not associated with dramatic changes in CD4+ T cell polarization. Conclusion: CD4+ T cell responses measured in the blood are not predictive of early clinical responses induced by SLIT.
Heterogeneity of allergen epitope-specific CD4+ T-cell responses: Steps toward optimal composition for peptide-based immunotherapy; Background: Peptide-based allergen immunotherapy is a promising alternative to conventional allergy vaccine. However, the optimal composition of such vaccines, in terms of the choice of the appropriate peptides, has remained unclear. Knowledge of the epitope-specific T cell responses to allergens can give important information on the pathogenesis and regulation of allergic inflammation. In this study we sought to identify candidate allergen-epitopes that can be used to improve peptide-based allergen immunotherapy. Method: Tetramer Guided Epitope Mapping was first used to identify CD4+ T cell epitopes for group 1 and group 5 timothy grass pollen allergens. MHC class II tetramer technology was then used in an ex vivo approach to assess the grass pollen-specific CD4+ T cell responses in allergic and nonallergic individuals. The frequency, surface marker phenotype and cytokine profile of these cells were directly analysed by flow cytometry. Result: CD4+ T cell responses to Timothy grass allergens are directed to a broad range of epitopes characterized by defined immunodominance hierarchy patterns. We observed heterogeneity of phenotype within the allergen-specific CD4+ T cells that depends on the epitope for which the cells are specific. T cell epitopes associated with production of IL-10 or IFN-g are recognized at low frequencies in both allergic and healthy individuals. In contrast, allergy-associated epitopes are only recognized in allergic individuals by high frequency, terminally differentiated allergen- specific CD4+ T cells, which are susceptible to deletion by repeated stimulation with high doses of antigen. Allergen-specific immunotherapy caused significant changes in the epitopes hierarchy of the grass pollen allergen-specific memory CD4 T cell pool. Conclusion: The ability to evaluate epitope- specific T cell responses to allergens can give important information on the pathogenesis and regulation of allergic inflammation and could be of great use in designing peptide-based allergy vaccination strategies. Some epitopes may play a prominent role in driving a protective response, while others may directly impair the pathogenic response.
Seasonal nasal symptoms in grass allergic patients are reflected by symptoms induced in a standardised nasal challenge test with aqueous Phleum pratense and linked to in vitro basophil activation; Background: Implementation of a nasal challenge test to assess the severity of allergic rhinitis in grass allergic patients may ease the design of clinical trials for allergen- specific immunotherapy (SIT). However, standardized procedures for the allergen challenge and defined readouts for clinical symptoms have to be established before nasal challenge can be used in future development programs for SIT. Furthermore, a clear link between in vitro basophil activation and clinical symptom scores following allergen challenge or seasonal exposure would make it possible to use basophil activation test as a biomarker for the clinical effect of SIT. Method: Thirty-eight patients with hay fever and skin prick test-verified grass pollen allergy without current asthma, were challenged with 5000 SQ-U of Phleum pratense using the Aptar BiDose system just prior to the grass pollen season. Thirty minutes post challenge, participants completed a symptom score using a visual analog scale (VAS). During the peak 4 weeks of the grass pollen season immediately following the nasal challenge participants completed a rhinitis quality of life questionnaire (miniRQLQ). Basophils in whole blood drawn 30 min before nasal challenges were stimulated with Phleum pratense extract (0.00015-1500 ng/ ml) ± IL-3 addition. CD63 and CD203c expression was measured by flow cytometry to link in vivo and in vitro challenges. Result: Modest (r = 0.35-0.41), but significant correlations (P = 0.001-0.03) were found when comparing scores for nasal itching, nasal congestion, and itchy eyes between pre-seasonal challenge and seasonal exposure to grass allergens. No significant correlation were found for runny nose (r = 0.32, P = 0.06). In addition, modest (r = 0.35-0.58) but significant correlations (P = 0.0003-0.03) were found when comparing the seasonal symptom scores and basophil pre-seasonal sensitivity as well as between selected nasal challenge symptom scores and basophil sensitivity (% highly degranulated basophils/high expression of both CD63 and CD203c) Conclusion: Symptom scores obtained through this standardized grass allergen challenge reflect the nasal symptoms experienced by patients during seasonal exposure. This suggests that controlled challenges may be used to monitor the effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy. Moreover, the correlation between basophil sensitivity and clinical readouts suggest that this in vitro test may be used as a biomarker in future SIT trials.
Premature discontinuation of treatment among allergen immunotherapy users in allergic rhinitis; Background: Subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) allergen immunotherapy is a safe and effective treatment of allergic rhinitis, but high levels of compliance and persistence are crucial to achieving the desired clinical effects. The objective was therefore to assess levels and predictors of compliance and persistence among grass pollen, tree pollen and house dust mite immunotherapy users in real-life, and estimate costs of premature discontinuation. Method: A retrospective analysis of a community- pharmacy database from The Netherlands containing data from 6486 patients starting immunotherapy for one or more of the allergens of interest between 1994 and 2009. Two thousand seven hundred and ninety-six patients received SCIT and 3690 received SLIT. Time-to-treatment discontinuation was analyzed and included Cox proportional Hazard models with timedependent covariates, where appropriate. Result: Eighty-two percent of users did not reach the minimally required duration of treatment of 3 years (SCIT: 77%, SLIT: 93%). Median durations for SCIT and SLIT users were 1.7 and 0.6 years, respectively (P < 0.001). Of the persistent patients, 58% were never late in picking up their medication from the pharmacy. Other independent predictors of premature discontinuation were prescriber, with general practitioner patients demonstrating longer persistence than those of allergologists and other medical specialists, multiple-allergen therapy, higher socioeconomic status, and younger age. Direct medication costs per nonpersistent patient were 3800 euros, an amount which was largely wasted. Conclusion: Adherence is better in SCIT users than in SLIT users. Further studies are needed to determine whether adherence can be improved by administering the therapy close to the patient's home.
Use of the SQ-standardised grass allergen immunotherapy tablet improves health related quality of life (SF36) after completion of treatment; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis often impairs the patient's general wellbeing, which affect their quality of life. A long-term multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled clinical trial (3 years of daily treatment and 2 years of follow-up) with a grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) has shown statistically significant improvements for all efficacy endpoints as well as an improvement in health related quality of life already after the first year of treatment. The purpose of this analysis was to investigate improvement of health related quality of life with the grass AIT 2 years after end of treatment. Method: Data from the long-term trial with grass AIT was used. This analysis included SF36 data from 232 subjects (AIT = 132, placebo = 99). Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALYs) were assessed by the SF36 questionnaire in the second year of follow-up. QALYs measure the patients' health-related QoL on a scale from 0 (dead) to 1 (perfect/full health), and can generate a single numeric index of health-related QoL. The preference weights are generated from a general population in UK. Result: The analysis of health-related QoL shows that more QALYs were gained on an average basis when treated with grass AIT as compared to when treated with placebo group. The main QALY value was 0.82 for grass AIT and 0.79 for the placebo group. The average increase in QALY in grass AIT patients was 0.0254 per year. Extrapolating the increase into a 9-year period would result in a 0.20 discounted QALY. This is equal to a 2.4 months improvement of full quality of life over a 9-year period. Conclusion: This analysis shows that there is an improvement in health related quality of life for patients after end of treatment with grass AIT. Extrapolated into a 9 year time horizon the increase is 0.20 QALY¢s. This is equal to an extra 2.4 months of full quality of life for Grass AIT treated patients compare to the placebo group.
Patterns of specific IgG4 to allergen components in normal healthy individuals as measured with a microarray immunoassay; Background: When monitoring patients undergoing allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) increases in levels of specific IgG4 are generally seen and may have a role in immune deviation and development of tolerance. However specific IgG4 antibodies against some allergen components also occur in normal healthy individuals. Method: One hundred normal healthy adult individuals divided into two subgroups, 50 selected on total IgE level <10 kU/l and specific IgE <0.1 kUA/l, and 50 normal healthy individuals without allergy symptoms regardless of IgE levels. The microarray system used for analysis was ImmunoCAP ISAC which consists of a selected panel of 112 allergen components, recombinant or purified, immobilized onto a chemically modified glass slide in an arrayed fashion. The detection limits of the test system are 0.1 ISU G4 and 0.3 ISU E. All samples were analysed with ImmunoCAP ISAC IgG4 and IgE respectively. Thirty microlitre of serum or plasma, diluted 1:50 were used for analysis of IgG4 antibodies in the microarray while IgE antibodies were measured in 30 ll undiluted sample. Result: The analysis revealed that IgG4 antibodies to milk (Bos d 5, Lactoferrin), egg (Gal d 1 and Gal d 2) and Kiwi component (Act d 1) were quite common with a prevalence of more than 50%. On the contrary no IgG4 concentrations above the detection limit were detected for mite or grass components. It could also been seen that the subgroup selected on very low total IgE level had a lower prevalence of IgG4 antibodies to any component then the other group. Only five of 100 individuals completely lacked detectable IgG4 antibodies. For specific IgE 99.99% of all results were negative. Conclusion: The microarray test for specific IgG4 is a useful tool for semi-quantitative measurements of IgG4 antibodies to allergen components. Healthy individuals are more likely to have IgG4 antibodies against common food allergens such as egg and milk than to inhalant allergens such as pollen and mites. The unexpected high prevalence of IgG4 antibodies to Act d 1 need further studies for explanation.
Maintenance allergen immunotherapy prevents increase in FeNO induced by bronchial allergen challenge in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients; Background: The aim of this study was to compare the effects of two protocols of allergenic immunotherapy (maintenance vs pre-seasonal) on nitric oxide concentration in exhaled air (FeNO) determined prior to and 22 h after bronchial allergen challenge (BAC) in seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) patients sensitive to grass pollen. Method: Studies were carried out on 57 patients subjected to 3-year subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). The patients were randomly assigned to desensitisation by pre-seaasonal (n = 28) or maintenance (n = 29). Bronchial allergen challenge was performed before initiating SCIT and yearly thereafter, between November and January. FeNO was measured prior to BAC, with follow-up measurements taken up to 72 h after the challenge. Result: In the maintenance group, bronchial responsiveness to BAC decreased gradually during subsequent years of immunotherapy with significant changes noted after 1 and 3 years of SCIT, while in pre-seasonal group significant reduction in the bronchial reactivity was documented no earlier than after 3 years of immunotherapy. After 3 years of of maintenance SCIT, FeNO determined 22 h after BAC was significantly lower compared to previous season, in contrast to pre-seasonal group where no significant differences in BAC-induced FeNO levels were observed through the course of this study. Conclusion: Maintenance allergenic immunotherapy better than pre-seasonal prevents increase in FeNO induced by BAC in SAR patients.
Identification of grass pollen species using monoclonal antibody-based Western blotting; Background: The five grass pollens commonly used for specific immunotherapy (i.e. Dactylis glomerata, Phleum pretense, Lolium perenne, Poa pratensis and Anthoxanthum odoratum) are collected during overlapping periods and indirectly identified on the basis of plant morphology. Once collected, it is not any longer possible to distinguish pollens from different grass species by microscopic observation. In the present study, we developed a method for the identification of grass pollens based upon monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) and Western blotting. Method: Mice were immunized with fractions of pollen extracts or purified pollen allergens in order to generate mAbs specific for each of the five grass pollen species. After hybridoma cloning, each secreted mAb was tested by Western blotting for its reactivity with the grass pollen of interest, as compared to the pollens of the four other species as well as to other allergen sources (mites, animal danders, moulds). Result: A specific mAb was selected for each of the five grass pollen species. Depending upon the species, mAbs recognized allergens (ex: Phl p 6) or non-allergenic proteins. The specificity of each mAb was confirmed using 50 batches of grass pollen raw material from three different suppliers and, as negative controls, extracts of other allergenic sources, or mixtures of pollen extracts that did not contain the pollen species recognized by the tested mAb. Western blotting using those mAbs thus allows to identify specifically the various grass pollen raw materials. Furthermore, it makes possible to confirm the presence of each pollen species within a 5- grass pollen mix extract. Conclusion: A mAb-based Western blotting method aimed at identifying five different grass pollen species has been successfully developed. It allows the identification of pollen raw materials and the detection of individual species within a 5-grass pollen mix extract.
Safety of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common disease affecting nearly 20% of worlwide population. The primary approach to the control of symptoms is the identification and avoidance of the causal allergens. Pharmacotherapy and allergenspecific immunotherapy (AIT) are the main treatment modalities. AIT acts on the main cause of the allergic reaction by modifying or down-regulating the immune response. A retrospective study was performed in order to assess the safety of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Method: One hundred sixty-five (104 males, 61 females, range: 6-70 years) allergic patients to grasses were treated by 5- grass pollen tablets [cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata), meadow grass (Poa pratensis), rye grass (Lolium perenne), sweet vernal grass (Anthoxanthum odoratum), and timothy grass (Phleum pratense)]. Eligible patients experienced symptoms of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis during the previous year. AR was classified as moderate-tosevere intermittent in 132 (80%) patients while 33 (20%) was characterized by a moderate-severe intermittent form associated with intermittent asthma. Serum specific IgE for Phleum pratense allergens Phl p1, Phl p2, Phl p4, Phl p5, Phl p6 and Phl p11 were determined as allergen markers of genuine sensitization to grass-pollen. Subjects were instructed to contact by phone doctor's office in order to communicate adverse reactions. Data were collected during the first 2 months of treatment (December 2011-January 2012). Result: During the first 2 months of SLIT therapy the total number of tablets administered was 10 065. Patients reported the following adverse reactions: 18 oral reactions (oral itching, tongue oedema, pharynx pruritus), one episode of nausea, one case of pain in the epigastrium and two systemic reactions, namely rhinitis and urticaria in a patient already suffering from this disturbance before SLIT treatment. Conclusion: These findings confirm the good safety profile of 5-grass pollen SLIT. Most adverse events were local and selfresolving.
Pollen-specific allergen immunotherapy: Is it safe to initiate the build-up phase during the pollen season? Or is needed to reduce the dose?; Background: Usually is recommended to reduce the dose of allergen immunotherapy extract, during the pollen season, in patients treated with pollen-specific allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). If we review the bibliography it is based on strength of recommendation level C. Method: We review the distribution and the frequency of systemic reactions appeared with pollen-specific allergen SCIT, for a year, comparing both periods with and without pollen. Result: We initiated a pollen-specific allergen SCIT with cluster build-up schedule in 961 patients, in 1 year. One hundred and ninety-seven of them began it during the spring (April to June). In that year, fortyone patients presented systemic reaction after the administration of the dose, finding only four patients during the grass and olive seasons, which are the most prevalent pollen in our area. The remaining thirtyseven patients had the reactions through the rest of the year. Of the total of 197 patients who initiated during the pollen season, twenty-six of them had to delay the administration of the dose because they were with symptoms. Conclusion: Traditionally, it's continuously recommended to reduce the pollen-specific allergen SCIT dose during the pollen season and even do not begin it, through these months. Based on our experience, provided that the administration of the dose is done by trained personal and assessing a well control of the symptoms, including a measure of PEF before and after the administration of the dose, we concluded that is safety to administrate the maintenance dose and also to initiate the build-up phase of the pollen-specific allergen SCIT during the pollen season.
Immunological and genetic characterisation of a southern Spain alternaria alternata allergic population; Background: The filamentous fungi Alternaria alternata induces seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis/ asthma at a significant prevalence in Europe and North America. To assist in the development of a new immunotherapy, it is important to collect and analyse detailed clinical, immunological and genetic data from a potential target population. Method: We assembled an A. alternata sensitized population from Southern Spain (Barcelona) and have completed clinical immunological measures, allergen sensitisation profiles, and HLA typing. Clinical immunological measures include nasal provocation with Alternaria extract and SPT (Skin-Prick Testing) with fungi and other common aeroallergens. Allergen specific IgE was measured by Phadia ImmunoCAP ISAC and also by specific ImmunoCAP assays for several fungi. Class II HLA alleles were typed for DRB1, DQA1, DQB1, DPB1 and DRB3/4/5 loci using LABType SSO. Result: Alternaria patients were selected by specific IgE to A. alternata and a positive nasal provocation test. All patients showed persistent or intermittent rhinitis and the majority were mixed asthmatics. SPT revealed all patients showed a pattern of reactivity to multiple allergens including approximately 32% to other species of fungi, 56% to dust mites, 42% to cat/dog and 75% to grass pollen. The majority of patients were also positive for specific IgE to the major Alternaria allergen Alt a 1. For the overall population, HLA typing revealed an increase in DQB1∗03 allele frequency compared to the control population. This marker has been associated with allergic fungal sinusitis conditions. Conclusion: We have identified an Alternaria sensitised patient population from Southern Spain for which clinical and laboratory results indicated the presence of Alternaria induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis/ asthma. This population will be used for immunotherapy development and clinical trials.
Soluble TRAIL levels in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: Effect of immunotherapy; Background: In this study, our aim was to identify the role of sTRAIL in the pathophysiology of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, and to explore whether subcutaneous specific immunotherapy treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients altered any observed effect of sTRAIL. Method: The first group of 25 patients included 11 male and 14 female subjects with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, having a combined mean age of 38.56 ± 12.03 years. The first group included two measurements in the same patients
Does sublingual immunotherapy work through the replacement of IgE epitopes?; Background: Grass pollen is a major cause of respiratory allergy worldwide. The aim of our study was to investigate the activity of specific IgE (sIgE) for Phleum epitopes in patients treated with grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Methods: Forty-one allergic patients to grass pollen were included in the study 26 patients received a pre-coseasonal grass SLIT for 2 years and 15 patients were used as controls. Eligible patients experienced symptoms of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis during the previous year, positivity to Phleum skin prick tests and sIgE (>3.5 kU/l). Serum sIgE for Phleum and rPhl p1, rPhl p2, rPhl p5, rPhl p6, rPhl p7 and rPhl p12 were determined. Statistical analysis was performed by Wilcoxon and Fischer test. RAST-inhibition values for rPhl p1/rPhl p1, rPhl p1/rPhl p2, rPhl p1/ rPhl p4 and rPhl p2/rPhl p2, rPhl p2/rPhl p5 were measured. Results: Most patients showed high levels of rPhl p1 and rPhl p5 (mean>30 kU/l), and an intermediate level of rPhl p4 and rPhl p6 (mean>10 kU/l), while low or negative results were obtained for rPhl p2, rPhl p7 and rPhl p12 (mean<10 kU/l). Conversely to the control group, patients receiving SLIT increased their serum IgE for all epitopes except for rPhl p7 and rPhl p12. In patients undergoing SLIT, two groups were observed: the first group was characterized by a reduction of symptoms, the second showed similar symptoms or an increase. The analysis of rPhl p2/rPhl p5 ratio showed a significant increase only in patients who experienced a reduction in symptoms. No cross-reactivity between rPhl p1/rPhl p2 rPhl p1/rPhl p4 and rPhl p2/rPhl p5 was detected. Conclusion: Following 1 and 2 years of SLIT, in patients showing a clinical response a significant increase of sIgE for rPhl p2 and a less evident increase of sIgE for rPhl p1 and rPhl p5 were observed, highlighted also by the high increase in rPhl p2/rPhl p5 IgE ratio. These results suggest that SLIT is able not only to induce a TH2-TH1 isotopic switch, but also a mechanism of IgE epitope replacement.
Safety of ultra-rush perlingual immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis; Introduction: Ultra-fast administration schedules for specific immunotherapy (SIT) are becoming increasingly popular. In this observational study we aim to evaluate the safety of an ultra-fast induction regimen with perlingual immunotherapy in children suffering from allergy to inhalants. Materials and methods: Within a period of 6 months 54 children (27 males, 27 females, aged between 5 and 18 years) with allergic rhino-conjunctivitis associated with mild to moderate persistent asthma in 16 patients, not controlled by commonly used drugs were enrolled. Three patients were monosensitized at skin prick test: house dust mites, birch or cat dander while 51 showed polysensitization to inhalant allergens. The patients received perlingual treatment with an aqueous solution for perlingual spray application of house dust mites (22), Alternaria (2), Ambrosia (2), birch (1), Cynodon dactylon (14), cat dander (1), grass (29) using the ultra-fast schedule of increasing doses of allergen extract perlingual spray (SULGEN Spray, 30 000 TU/ml): two successive doses of 3000 TU with an interval of 60 min. The daily maintenance dose was 2 sprays/day (6000 TU). Adverse reactions (AEs) were assessed as mild, moderate or severe according to the ICH E2A Step5 and the following definitions have been applied: (1) Mild: transient symptoms, no interference with the patient's daily activities. (2) Moderate: moderate interference with daily activities of the patient. (3) Severe: unacceptable interference with daily activities of the child. Result: All children completed the ultrarapid administration without any adverse reaction. One child reported transient oral itching (<5 min) upon the first administration. In the following weeks with the daily maintenance dose of 2 sprays/day neither local nor systemic reactions occurred. No anaphylactic reactions was recorded. In total, 13 888 doses have been administered perlingually. Conclusion: Ultra-fast perlingual administration of SIT has been shown to be a safe treatment, although the observation period was confined to 6 months.
The efficasy of pre-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy in patient with grass pollen allergy rhinitis during the first year of initiation; Background: A total of 48 patients were included and we estimate the clinical efficasy and safety of pre-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy, 300 IR five-grasses solution during the first year of initation. Method: Forty eight patient with grassespollen allergic rhinitis were initiated 300 IR five-grasses sublingual immunotherapy solution, in pre-seasonal regimen, during a period October 2010 - February 2011. We compare clinical symptoms and drug intake score (0 none, -5 severe), during two consecutive spring season April-June 2010 (baseline), and 2011. Result: Out of 48 patients in total 14 (29.16%) were male and 34 (70.84%) were female. The age range was 14-45. The average rhinitis was 5.6 years. From symptoms sneezing and rhinorrhea showed a greater decrease vs baseline P = 0.001. Drug intake especially antihistamines were decrease too P = 0.015. Side effect were not observed. Conclusion: We concluded that pre-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy is efficacious since the first year of initation.
Asthma prevention trial of an SQstandardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet for children with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis: Preliminary baseline characteristics; Background: The Grazax Asthma Prevention (GAP) trial is designed to investigate whether the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, has a preventive effect on development of asthma in children with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. This presentation describes the clinical baseline characteristics of the trial population. Method: The GAP trial is a randomised, parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multinational trial conducted in 11 European countries. The main eligibility criteria were age 5-12 years at randomisation with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis confirmed by skin prick test (SPT) and specific IgE (both Phleum pratense), and no asthma or overlapping symptomatic allergies. After the 2010 grass pollen season the children were randomised 1:1 to once-daily, double-blind, sublingual treatment with grass AIT or placebo. The treatment period is 3 years, followed by a blinded observational period of 2 years. The primary endpoint is time to onset of asthma. Result: Of the 812 randomised children, 37% were girls and 96% were Caucasian. The mean age at randomisation was 9.4 years (median 9.5
The first season of use of a five-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet in patients in the Slovak republic; Background: A five-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet has demonstrated its efficacy and safety in randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical studies in North America and many European countries. We evaluated patients' and physicians' experience after a first season of tablet use in the Slovak Republic. Method: We collected data on patient wellbeing, tolerance and ease of use during and after a first season of pre- and co-seasonal treatment with the SLIT tablet. Eight hundred and ninety three patients were recruited and evaluated by their allergist. The grass pollen allergy diagnosis was based on the medical history and skin prick tests or specific IgE assays. The tablet was prescribed to patients with grasspollen- induced allergic rhinitis, in accordance with the Summary of Product Characteristics. 237 patients (27%) had concomitant asthma. Result: According to both allergists and patients, treatment with the SLIT tablet improved the patients' well-being (assessed by both objective and subjective measures). The allergic disease's impact was mostly qualified as 'moderate' before treatment and mostly 'mild' after. The severity and duration of the rhino-conjunctivitis symptoms decreased during treatment. Moreover, in the 237 patients with concomitant allergic asthma, the latter condition improved. Allergic rhinitis was present in 881 patients before treatment and 724 afterwards, with conjunctivitis in 727 patients before treatment and 357 after and asthma in 237 patients before treatment and 175 after (all P < 0.05). 820 patients (92%) were very satisfied or satisfied with the once-daily dosing regimen. 817 patients (91%) considered that the tablet dissolved 'rapidly' or 'very rapidly' and 867 (97%) considered that it was quick and easy to use. 90% of the allergists and patients considered that tablet's overall safety was 'very good' or 'good' for the initial treatment. The corresponding value for maintenance treatment was higher still (93%). Treatment-emergent adverse events were non-serious and mostly local and mild. Oral pruritus was the most frequent reaction (observed in 4% of the patients after first use of the tablet) but decreased in frequency as the treatment continued. Conclusion: Patients in the Slovak Republic considered pre- and co- seasonal treatment with the five-grass pollen SLIT tablet to be easy and well-tolerated. The treatment decreased the patients' respiratory symptoms and improved their well-being.
Economic evaluation of five-grass pollen tablets for the treatment of allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a pivotal treatment that is able to modify the natural history of allergy. The long experience developed in AIT allowed the development of five-grass pollen tablets, that are indicated for the treatment of grass-induced rhinoconjunctivitis (RC). A symptom score adjusted for rescue medication use, named 'AAdSS', has been recently introduced as a primary efficacy endpoint in grass pollen AIT RC trials. The real worth of the AAdSS relates to its ability to better estimate the true severity of symptoms by removing a source of bias (the use of rescue medication). Regarding five-grass pollen tablets the AAdSS was calculated a posteriori for two registrative clinical trials, the adult and pediatric. The differences in the AAdSS adjusted means for 300 IR vs placebo were -1.84 and -1.64, respectively. The aim of our study was to perform a cost-effectiveness analysis of five-grass pollen tablets from the Italian third party payer perspective, assembling the results of adult and long term trials together with economic data. Methods: According to national tariffs and standard drug prices in Italy, medical visits, diagnostic examinations, skin prick test, use of decongestants, intranasal drugs and oral antihistamines were valorized in euros. The Receiver Operating Curve (ROC) enabled us to assess the effectiveness of five-grass pollen tablets in terms of Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALY). A decision tree was also structured in order to model the possible outcomes and costs to a low, moderate and high AAdSS for adult and pediatric patients. A probabilistic sensitivity analysis was finally carried out to test the robustness of results as well as the consistency with an assumed costeffectiveness threshold of euros 30 000/ QALY. Results: The administration of five-grass pollen tablets costs 1024 euro/QALY with high and moderate AAdSS. Considering also the losses of productivity, the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of adults becomes 700 euro/QALY. The 95% of the simulation performed in the probabilistic sensitivity analysis shows an ICER below the threshold of 30 000 euro/QALY. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that five-grass pollen tablets represent a costeffective strategy in adults patients with moderate and severe AAdSS.
The prevalence of complications in chronic allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common disease affecting nearly one-third of the general population. Respiratory allergy is generally managed by allergen avoidance, when feasible, drug treatment and allergen specific immunotherapy. AR is characterized by occurrence of complications such as frequent rhinosinusitis and nasal polyposis. These conditions need further therapeutical proposals and in some cases also surgical interventions. An observational study was conducted in order to assess the prevalence of complications associated with AR. Methods: Fifteen ENT/Allergy/Pediatric centers participated to the study. All procedures were conducted in accordance with good clinical practices and national legislation. Patients (range: 6-60 years) suffering from AR with or without asthma due to inhalant perennial and seasonal allergens were included. Every patient gave a written consent. The total observation period (four visits every 3 months) lasted 2 years. Data management and analysis was performed through a validated procedure in respect of descriptive requirements. Results: The study included 360 patients (6- 60 years, median age: 32.5 years). AR was classified as mild in 7% and moderate/ severe in 16% of patients with intermittent rhinitis, and mild in 14% and moderate/ severe in 44% of patients with persistent rhinitis. The skin prick test results indicated as the most frequent responsible allergens Dermatophagoides (pteronyssinus 39%, farinae 38%), grass pollen (37%), and Parietaria pollen (29%). Concerning ENT examination, at Visit 1 flexible rhinofibroscopy was performed on 73 patients (20.3%) with AR but only five patients of them were really affected by sinusitis with the presence of purulent material in medium meatus
Phenotypes of allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a heterogeneous disease including mild to severe forms. Method: The Survey of Rhinitis Phenotypes (SURF) was an independent multicentre observational cross-sectional study promoted by the Italian Federation of Allergy and Clinical Immunology Societies (IFIACI) aimed at identifying phenotypes of AR and evaluating their dimension, clinical features and burden. IFIACI clinical centers fulfilling the Good Clinical Practice standards were invited to collect data by a standardized questionnaire from up to 50 consecutive patients over 18 years referred for non-infectious rhinitis in the period January 1-June 30, 2011. Data management, entry and analysis was performed by a validated procedure in the respect of privacy requirements. Result: Three thousand three hundred and eighty-three patients referred for non-infectious rhinitis with a duration of rhinitis symptoms for 7.0 ± 7.2 years entered the study. AR - intermittent (20.2%) or persistent (79.8%) was the most frequent clinical form of rhinitis (79.6% of all forms). AR was classified as severe in 67.1% of intermittent forms and in 86.3% of persistent ones. Grass (42.6%), Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (32.2%) and Parietaria (23.9%) were the allergens most frequently responsible for a clinically relevant sensitization. Conjunctivitis (54%), asthma (38%), sinusitis (14%), sleep disturbances (8%) and nasal polyps (5%) were the co-morbidities most frequently associated with rhinitis, particularly in the most severe forms, which in up to 46.3% of cases showed two or more co-morbid conditions. The undergoing treatment (anti-histamines in 77.1%, nasal steroids in 60.8%, anti-leukotrienes in 14.8% and oral steroids in 6.3% of cases) was considered unsatisfactory in 15.2% of cases by the doctor and in 29.0% by the patients. Immunotherapy, although indicated in 73.8% of subjects with a clinically relevant sensitization and accepted by 56.3% of them (the high costs being the major cause for non-acceptance), was largely under-used in the patients studied. Conclusion: AR patients with persisting symptoms, co-morbidities, poor response to pharmacological treatment represent a distinct phenotype of AR with reported high social and individual costs but still unanswered health needs.
Effectiveness and safety of immunotherapy in patients over 50 years of age with grass pollen and birch allergy; Background: Specific immunotherapy (ITS) to pollens has a strong position in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR). However, there are only a few observations as to evaluate the efficacy and safety of this treatment in patients over 50 years old. The aim of this study was to assess the safety and effectiveness of ITS in SAR patients over 50 years of age with confirmed allergy to grass pollen and birch. Method: The study group consisted of 168 SAR patients older than 50 years of age (mean age 66.34 ± 9.61 years) diagnosed with allergy to grass pollen and birch. The allergy was confirmed on the basis of skin prick tests (Stallergen, France) and allergen- specific IgE measurement (Hytec, Biomedica). Fifty-seven patients (35 women and 22 men) underwent a 3-year, seasonal immunotherapy with Phostal (Stallergen France), whereas in 42 individuals (27 women, 15 men) Staloral (Stalleregn, France) was administered. Sixty-nine persons (37 women, 32 men) received only symptomatic treatment of pollen season. Groups were statistically homogeneous. Result: After 3 years of ITS about 59.2% reduction in symptomatic medication used during pollen season in desensitized patients was recorded in comparison with pre-treatment period (respectively Phostal-64.3%, Staloral-54.3%). This difference was statistically significant P < 0.001. In patients without ITS any statistically significant changes in the symptomatic treatment were not observed. During 3 years of immunotherapy no systemic postvaccinal allergy was noticed. In 6 (10.5%) patients treated with Phostal intensive local postvaccinal reactions were observed. However, they did not stop the treatment. No adverse reactions were related to Staloral. Conclusion: The use of ITS in the group of patients over 50 years of age was found to be safe and effective. These results raise hopes for greater use of this type of treatment in the future.
Persistence and compliance to grass immunotherapy treatment is comparable for SQ-standardised allergy immunotherapy tablets and subcutaneous immunotherapy: A Swedish registry study; Background: Allergy immunotherapy tablets (AITs) have been developed as an effective, well tolerated and convenient treatment modality, suitable for home administration. The purpose of this retrospective registry based study was to compare the persistence in use and compliance of grass AIT treatment with that of conventional grass subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) administered by physicians. Method: Nine hundred and ninety patients with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis who initiated immunotherapy in 2007 with either SCIT (Phleum pratense, 100 000 SQ-U/ml) or SQ-standardised AIT (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU) were included in the analyses. Patient and prescription data covering the period 2007- 2009 was extracted from the Prescribed Drug Registry, the National Board of Health and Welfare in Sweden. Data on patients treated and number of packs sold were used to calculate the compliance and persistence for each of the two products, for patients who started treatment in 2007. Compliance: calculated as the duration of treatment estimated from the number of packs or vials sold and used according to the pack leaflet (assuming 100% compliance), divided by the actual duration of treatment (the time estimated from the first to the last observed prescription, plus the use duration of the last pack or vial). Persistence: calculated as the percentage of patients who continued their treatment in 2009 with at least one treatment pack or vial in 2009. Result: Grass AIT treatment was started by 636 patients and grass SCIT treatment by 354 patients in 2007. The persistence of treatment in 2009 was 55% for grass AIT treatment and 57% for grass SCIT treatment. The estimated average duration of treatment was 2.34 years for grass AIT and 2.47 for grass SCIT at cut-off 31 December 2009. The average number of tablets used per patient during this period was 770. For grass SCIT treatment the average number of up-dosing kits used was 1.07 and the average number of maintenance vials was 3.26 (five injections per vial). This corresponded to a compliance of 90% for grass AIT and 82% for grass SCIT. Conclusion: The persistence of SQ-standardised grass AIT and grass SCIT treatments during the period 2007-2009 for Swedish patients was comparable. Compliance to treatment with SQ-standardised grass AIT and grass SCIT treatments were both high (≥80%) and comparable.
Allergymonitor: An useful tool for improving adherence of patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Efficacy of Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) in the treatment of allergic asthma and/or rhinitis (AR) partially depends by adherence to treatment for at least 3-4 years. Improving adherence to SLIT is therefore a priority to improve its efficacy. Careful symptoms monitoring and good communication between doctors and their patients are believed to improve adherence. Method: Patients affected by AR undergoing SLIT (300 IR/ml concentration) have been recruited after informed consent. During the allergen period, patients and doctors have been invited to exchange clinical information through a web site platform - Allergymonitor- that incorporates an online diary for symptoms, drugs and SLIT assumption. Doctors can check all patients' data through a back-office and can monitor on real-time AR symptoms and medication scores (RTSS, AdSS, RMS, ACS) and asthma scores. These scores can be matched online and in realtime to pollen count curves. SLIT adverse effects can be also recorded. Patients and Doctors communicate via chat, and automatic e-mail alerts are sent to patients and doctors when data registration is interrupted. Doctors receive alerts when patients register severe SLIT adverse events. A standard questionnaire has been used to receive ratings of patients or parents about Allergymonitor. Results: During April-December 2011 were enrolled, 27 patients (18 M, mean age 11.1 years
Why do some patients refuse to start a slit course?; Background: Adherence to treatment may be a major concern in allergen immunotherapy (IT). Experimental studies usually evaluate patients who decide to leave the course of therapy and reasons for their decision. However, a percentage of candidate patients do not wish to begin an immunotherapy course for various reasons. The purpose of this survey was to identify the main factors discouraging patients from starting a sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) course. Method: in 2010 and 2011 SLIT was prescribed to 100 patients with a respiratory allergy, but 59% did not start. We tried to contact them in order to identify the reasons for their negative choice, but 11 patients could not be found. A questionnaire was handed out to the remaining 48 patients (33 women and 15 men, average age 33.48 years, range 14-72 years) with moderate persistent rhinoconjuntivitis and/or mild intermittent asthma caused by grass, birch or mites. All patients had been fully informed of the advantages of SLIT, as well as the related burdens (i.e. duration, cost, modality and frequency of intake, etc.) and eventual side effects. The patients replied to an eight item multiple choice questionnaire, each question having four options: (i) 'it doesn't influence my choice', (ii) 'it slightly influences my choice', (iii) 'it significantly influences my choice' and (iv) 'it greatly influences my choice'). The items concerned were: (i) cost, (ii) lack of confidence in IT, (iii) fear of side effects, (iv) length of the therapy, (v) planned pregnancy, (vi) satisfaction with response to drugs, (vii) IT discouraged by other doctors, friends or Internet information. The last question was a free reply item. Result: Patients' perception of their health condition following a traditional drug therapy course emerged as the most important factor discouraging the acceptance of SLIT. The cost of therapy, as well as the duration of IT, also affected their choice. Conclusion: The specific role of IT, reorienting the inappropriate immune responses in allergic patients, compared to pharmacotherapy, should be a primary objective in the education of patients approaching IT.
The risk of severe treatment-related adverse events is significantly lower in children compared with adults when treated with SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablets: Post hoc analysis of seven clinical trials; Background: Allergy immunotherapy tablets (AIT) is a safe and more convenient alternative to subcutaneous specific immunotherapy treatment. However, severe adverse events occur infrequently. Pooled safety data from one phase II/III and six phase III clinical trials (five in adults, two in children 5-17 years of age) with SQ-standardised grass AIT (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/ 2800 BAU) were analysed. Method: All trials were randomised, doubleblind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials. Subjects suffered from grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma, had positive skin prick test and specific IgE to Phleum pratense. Subjects received once-daily sublingual treatment with grass AIT or placebo for approximately 24 weeks. The five adult trials comprised 2095 treated subjects (AIT = 1060, placebo = 1035) and the two children trials comprised 597 treated subjects (AIT = 301, placebo = 296). Adverse events were assessed by the investigator as treatmentrelated (possible or probable) or unlikely related, and for seriousness. Application siterelated events were defined as adverse events in relation to the oral cavity. Result: In the adult trials, 71% of AITtreated subjects reported treatment-related adverse events compared with 24% for placebo. In the children trials the corresponding numbers were 63% for AIT and 27% for placebo. Of the AIT-treated subjects, two children (0.7%) and 32 adults (3.0%) experienced severe treatment-related events. The odds for severe treatment-related events was 4.7 times lower in children compared with adults (odds-ratio with CI95%: 0.22 [0.025 0.85], P = 0.019). Two AIT-treated children (0.7%) and 18 adults (1.7%) experienced severe treatment- related events that were application site-related. The odds for having severe related application site adverse events was 2.6 times lower in children compared with adults (odds-ratio with CI95%: 0.39 [0.04
Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy with a high-dose hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation significantly reduces the number of worst days; Background: There is growing interest to collect data on quality of life in studies on Subcutaneous Immunotherapy (SCIT) besides efficacy parameters as recommended by the EMA guideline on the development of products for SCIT. The number of so-called well days is one option for collecting such data. These definitions are sometimes restricted on symptoms in the sense of 'symptom free days' which can lead to inconclusive results as days without symptoms can be caused by low pollen count or intake of anti allergic medication. An alternative approach may therefore be to calculate the number of worst days. By nature, this evaluation focuses on the days with relevant pollen exposition. Recently, Durham and colleagues (Allergy 2011 66: 120-3) proposed several definitions. We investigated the practicability of these definitions, adapted it to our Allergy Control Score (ACS), and applied it to a doubleblind, randomized study with grass pollen SCIT. Method: Definition 'E' (total score of ≥3 in the category eye or ≥6 in the category nose) given by Durham et al. seems to be a valid definition as it takes into account the higher number of nose symptoms and focuses on the sum of all eye and nose symptoms instead of single severe ones. As our SMS consists of three instead of two eye symptoms, we adapted this definition E: When using our ACS, worst days are defined to be days with a sum of at least four points in three symptoms for category eye and six points in four symptoms in the category nose. This definition is applied to a double-blind, randomized clinical trial. Result: After two preseasonal cycles of SCIT, the number of worst days in the active group (2.5 days) is significantly decreased as compared to the placebo group (5.9 days
How to define 'curing allergy'? Results from a subcutaneous specific immunotherapy study using a high-dose hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation; Background: Specific immunotherapy is considered to be the only treatment with immanent ability to cure allergy due to modulation of the immune system. Up to now, an accepted definition of 'curing allergy' is lacking. We applied definitions according to the provisions stated in the Guideline on the Development of Products for Specific Immunotherapy using follow up data of a DBPC SCIT trial with a grass pollen allergoid. Method: The mentioned guideline roughly defines curing allergy to be the 'sustained absence of allergic symptoms in post treatment years'. We used three definitions for 'absence of allergic symptoms'. The most stringent definition A, considers cure of allergy as complete absence of symptoms without intake of any allergic medication during the whole analysis period of the diary phase. Definition B - nearest to the guideline wording - also assesses cure if no allergic symptoms are noted. But in contrast to definition A, intake of medication does not contradict a cure of allergy. Due to the fact that even healthy, non-allergic patients suffer from nasal or ocular symptoms sporadically, a more practically definition C specifies cure if one mild symptom (or respective medication) per day in mean is present. These definitions are applied to data of an investigation 3 years after end of treatment of a DBPC clinical trial. Result: Twenty-six patients suffering from allergic rhinoconjunctivitis at the beginning of double-blind treatment of the study could be evaluated 3 years after the end of the SCIT and compared to a control group of 13 patients who did not receive a SCIT. None of the non-treated patients can be considered as cured in any of the three definitions. In contrast, 6 (23%) and 7 (27%) patients of the former SCIT-group satisfy the very stringent definitions A and B, respectively. Twelve patients (46%) meet definition C which mimics the real life setting most exactly. Regarding this definition, statistically significant more patients of the former SCIT-group as compared to the control group have cured their allergy (P = 0.003). Conclusion: Three definitions for the claim 'Curing Allergy' were proposed and analyzed with real study data. A definition allowing for low level of symptoms seen also in non allergic patients is recommended since it considers the real life situation most relevantly. Compared to untreated patients significantly more patients treated with the high-dose hypoallergenic grass pollen allergoid satisfy this definition of 'Curing Allergy'.
Safety and tolerability of pre-seasonal high cumulative dose sublingual immunotherapy regimen without updosing in birch-and grass-pollen sensitised patients with asthma and/or rhinitis; Background: Utilising conventional sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) up-dosing protocols, patients reach maintenance dose after some days or weeks. The choice by clinicians to not use an up-dosing regimen seems to allow immediate maintenance treatment. This clinical approach can even be proposed to patients near or during the period of pollination and who are presenting symptoms. Method: Thirty-eight patients allergic to birch- and grass pollen with seasonal allergic rhinitis and/or asthma, were enrolled in this study. All patients had serum specific IgE to the birch or grass major allergen rBet v 1 o Phl p 5, respectively, evaluated by CAP System (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Milan Italy). Treatment started in September or February, 3 months before the usual pollination period of Fagales or Graminae. In the course of the SLIT patients received 36 ml of a commercial bacterial adjuvated sublingual vaccine (Anallergo, Florence, Italy) prepared with birch extract and administered to patients in a cumulative dose corresponding to about 180 ig of Bet v 1 or 180 of Phl p 5. SLIT protocol was performed without up-dosing. Patients received a maintenance dose of 0.5 ml, containing 2.5 lg of Bet v 1 or 2.5 lg of Phl p 5, once daily over 56 days. The patient held the oral vaccine under the tongue for 3 min. before swallowing. Result: One patient out of 38 who took SLIT suffered from mild oral symptoms (itching, stinging pain of the lips, tongueand palate) that appeared a few days after the beginning of SLIT. In these cases patients were told to spit out the oral solution after 3 min rather than ingesting it
Evolution of grass-pollen allergic patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy during a precoseasonal period; Background: SINTALEGRA study was designed to collect information from the grass-pollen allergic patients about the frequency and intensity of their symptoms during the precoseasonal period from January to August of 2010. Here we reported secondary outcomes: health-expectations and quality of life of patients under sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Method: In this observational, prospective, multicentre study, pollen allergic patients (allergic to grasses at least) treated with allergen immunotherapy with a precoseasonal scheme were enrolled with two visits evaluations (one just before starting SLIT and the other 6 months later). Health outcomes (patient expectations and satisfaction) were collected by QUARTIS questionnaire. QUARTIS is designed as two questionnaires interrelated. One questionnaire to be applied at the basal visit and another for the final or monitoring visits. Therefore, some dimensions could experience some evolution as symptoms, impact of allergy in quality of life, advantages and disadvantages of SLIT (basal and at the end). Others are only asked at the basal visit or only at the end of the sudy. Result: One hundred and seventy-seven patients completed all the questionnaires: at the first visit, a symptoms diary during the study and at the end of treatment. 77.7% of the patients were polysensitized and 98.8% of the patients were treated with 300 IR/ml sublingual immunotherapy extract. QUARTIS questionnaire dimensions as total symptoms, experienced a decrease of its scores meaning a patient improvement (P < 0.001), even considering individual symptoms. Similar results were obtained for impact of allergy in quality of life (P < 0.001) whereas disadvantages of SLIT did not show any evolution, not even in the price related question (NS). Conclusion: In this real life study, patients under treatment with a 300IR-standardised sublingual extract with a precoseasonal scheme improve their health outcomes in the first season of treatment. Perception of disadvantages associated with the treatment is low and does no increase during treatment.
Frequency and intensity of symptoms of grass pollen allergic patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy; Background: SINTALEGRA study was designed to collect information from the grass-pollen allergic patients about the frequency and intensity of their symptoms during the precoseasonal period from January to August of 2010. Method: Inthis observational, prospective and multicentre study. pollen allergic patients (at least grass allergic patients) treated with allergen immunotherapy with a precoseasonal scheme were enrolled with two planned visits. SINTALEGRA survey made use of a symptoms diary to collect information about the frequency and intensity of six rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms (nasal itching, nasal congestion, runny nose, wheezing, ocular pruritus and watery eyes), asthma symptoms and use of rescue medication, once a week during 6 months. Symptoms intensity was scored from 0 (no presence) to 5 (totally annoying symptom), asthma and use of medication was scored as present/use or no present/no use. The study was approved by the ethics committee of Hospital Virgen Macarena (Sevilla) and all patients signed an informed consent to participate in the study. Result: One hundred and seventy-seven patients were enrolled. One hundred and forty-six patients (82.5%) have completed at least the 75% of the symptoms diary. 98.8% of the patients were treated with 300 IR/ml sublingual immunotherapy extract. The worst period in terms of symptoms were 17th-23th and 24th-30th of May. During these 2 weeks, almost 90% of patients scored at least one point of any symptom. In one of these weeks, 24th-30th of May, rescue medication was needed by almost 70% of the patients. Even in these worst weeks, the mean score of the individual symptoms is close to two points and the mean score of total symptoms is 13.5 points (max of the scale: 30 points). Patients suffering of asthma have worse rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms during the period from 5th of April to 20th of June than patients without asthma. Conclusion: The high level of completion of the symptoms diary could be related with the fact that the patients were encouraged to complete it by mobiles messages (SMS). Although it was possible to unsubscribe to this service, all the patients remain subscribed till the end of the study. The intensity of symptoms of patients under 300IRstandardized sublingual extract treatment is quite low even in the last 2 weeks of May.
Component resolved diagnosis of Phleum pratense allergens in a population residing in the centre of Spain; Background: Component Resolved Diagnosis (CRD) is a tool that characterises patient's IgE antibody profile to individual allergen components. It is used to discriminate between genuine sensitisation to certain specific allergen sources and cross-reactivity. The identification of specific allergens can help for the selection of the best immunotherapy treatment. The objective of this study was to identify the sensitization to individual allergens from Phleum pratense pollen in patients suffering from allergic symptoms to grasses. Method: Eighty-two individuals from Guadalajara (Centre of Spain), with clinical history (rhinitis and/or asthma) of grass pollen allergy with at least 1 year of evolution, positive SPT to a standardized grass extract, and positive specific IgE to a mix of grasses (gx1
Is intralymphatic specific immunotherapy with grass pollen allergen ready for clinical use?; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only causative treatment for IgE-mediated allergic diseases, but it is time-consuming. Treatment with direct administration of allergen into a lymph node has been suggested to reduce the necessary administrations to three, compared to the fifty injections in standard subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). This is the first randomized, double blind, placebocontrolled study with primary endpoints following the EMA-guidelines, in terms of safety and efficacy (seasonal combined symptom-medication scores) of intralymphatic injections of two different dosages of grass pollen-allergen. Secondary endpoints were VAS- and RQLQ-scores, SPT (Skin Prick Test), intracutaneous-test and immunological changes. Method: 45 patients (18-60 years) with a history of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis, positive SPT and specific IgE to grass pollen were included. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy, other significant disease, bblockers or previous immunotherapy. The study included three arms. Group 6.: 6 weekly injections of allergen, group 3.: 3 allergen injections plus three placebo, and a placebo group: six placebo-injections. Each treatment containing 1000 SQ-U of Phleum pratense allergen extract (approximateley 0.25 lg of major allergen) or 0.1 ml of saline was injected into a lymph node in the groin guided by ultrasound. Result: No significant differences in the combined symptom and medication score (SMS) were found between groups when assessing the entire season. Additionally the 3· group experienced significantly higher SMS during peak season compared to placebo (0.52 vs 0.30, P = 0.015). Compared to the pre-treatment season VAS, RQLQ and SPT showed no clinical efficacy of intralymphatic immunotherapy. Specific IgG4 and IgE increased only in treated groups, and the intracutaneous test showed a significant improvement for the 6· compared to the placebo group. Systemic reactions were seen in two patients with severe conjunctival symptoms and axillary flare and itching in less than 30 min after allergen- injection. Additionally one experienced decreased peak flow. Conclusion: We found no clinical efficacy of intralymphatic injections compared to placebo. Thus with our design the intralymphatic treatment is not a viable competitor to SCIT, even when administering twice the number of injections used in former studies. Increasing the treatment dose cannot be advised since systemic reactions were seen in approximateley 10 percent of the patients.
Allergen immunotherapy treatment perception and satisfaction in patients with severe, grass-pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is a recommended treatment for moderate to severe grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Subcutaneous injections and sublingual drop and tablet formulations of AIT products are available. Method: In 2010 and 2011, we performed an online survey of adult patients with severe, grass-pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis impacting their QoL in five European countries recruited among general population: Austria (AT), Italy (I), the Netherlands (NL), Belgium (B) and Switzerland (CH). A total of 975 patients were assessed, with the following numbers of AIT-treated and non-AIT patients in each country: AT: 128 and 162
Relationship between specific IgG4 and basophil activation during the first year of pre-seasonal grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy; Background: There is limited data regarding the immunological and clinical effects of allergoid immunotherapy. In our previous study, short-term pre-seasonal protocol have been shown a suppressive effect on the CD203c expression of activated basophils (EAACI 2011, Abstract-1347). We aimed to evaluate the impact of pre-seasonal allergoid immunotherapy on allergen specific IgE and IgG4 levels, and its relation to CD203c expression. Method: Randomised, double-blind, placebo- controlled study was conducted in our clinic between 2009 and 2011 years. Thirty-one patients with allergic rhinitis sensitised only to pollens received either allergoid immunotherapy prior to the onset of the grass pollen season (n = 16) or placebo (n = 15) injections. Basophil CD203c expression was analysed using three-color staining protocol by flow cytometry after in-vitro stimulation with grass pollen extract. Phleum pratense allergen specific IgE and IgG4 antibody levels were measured with the Immuno-CAP fluoroenzyme assay. Symptom and medication scores, visual analogue scales were recorded for clinical assessment. These tests were repeated at three different time points including immediately before (February 2010) and after (March-April 2010) the immunotherapy/placebo periods, and at the peak pollen season (May 2010). Result: Phleum pratense-specific IgG4 levels were increased in the majority of patients treated with immunotherapy (14/ 16). However, no significant changes were detected for Phleum pratense-specific IgG4 levels in the placebo group. Most of the patients (14/16) demonstrated increase in Phleum pratense-specific IgE levels after treatment. The increment of Phleum pratense- specific IgE was less prominent in the placebo group (9/15). A weak negative correlation was found between the specific IgG4 levels and the CD203c expressing activated basophil percentages at the end of treatment and at the peak pollen season. There was also weak negative correlation between the specific IgG4 levels and the medication scores. No correlation was observed between the CD203c expressing activated basophil percentages and specific IgE levels. Conclusion: Our results indicate that preseasonal immunotherapy has early advantages such as rising specific IgG4 antibodies, blunting of basophil activation and useful clinical efficacy. It may be relevant rather to determine the blocking activity or affinity of allergen-specific IgG4 subset using functional assays.
Adjuvants for allergy vaccines; Allergen-specific immunotherapy is currently performed via either the subcutaneous or sublingual routes as a treatment for type I (IgE dependent)allergies. Aluminum hydroxide or calcium phosphate are broadly used as adjuvants for subcutaneous allergy vaccines, whereas commercial sublingual vaccines rely upon high doses of aqueous allergen extracts in the absence of any immunopotentiator. Adjuvants to be included in the future in products for allergen specific immunotherapy should ideally enhance Th1 and CD4+ regulatory T cell responses. Imunomodulators impacting dendritic or T cell functions to induce IL10, IL12 and IFNγ production are being investigated in preclinical allergy models. Such candidate adjuvants encompass synthetic or biological immunopotentiators such as glucocorticoids, 1,25-dihydroxy vitamin D3, selected probiotic strains (e.g., Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium species)as well as TLR2 (Pam3CSK4), TLR4 (monophosphoryl lipid A, synthetic lipid A analogs)or TLR9 (CpGs)ligands. Furthermore, the use of vector systems such as mucoadhesive particules, virus-like particles or liposomes are being considered to enhance allergen uptake by tolerogenic antigen presenting cells present in mucosal tissues. © 2012 Landes Bioscience.
Immunotherapy for inhalant allergens in childhood: Revised consensus of the Division of Pediatric Allergy of the Dutch Society of Pediatrics; Therapy for allergie rhino conjunctivitis exists of avoiding of contact with allergens and symptomatic therapy. For structural treatment immunotherapy can be considered. Immunotherapy with allergen extracts can be used to treat allergies by desensitisation. When performed by protocol subcutaneous immunotherapy is effective and safe in children with a therapy resistant inhalation allergy. As an alternative for the monthly injections sublingual tablets for sublingual immunotherapy have recendy been proven to be effective. However, until now these tablets are only available for grass pollen allergy.
High-dose sublingual immunotherapy with single-dose aqueous grass pollen extract in children is effective and safe: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy is a viable alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy particularly attractive for use in children. Objective: This study investigated efficacy and safety of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children allergic to grass pollen in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Methods: After a baseline seasonal observation, 207 children aged 4 to 12 years with grass pollen-allergic rhinitis/ rhinoconjunctivitis with/without bronchial asthma (Global Initiative for Asthma I/II) received either high-dose grass pollen SLIT or placebo daily for 1 pre-/co-seasonal period. The primary end point was the change of the area under the curve of the symptom-medication score (SMS) from the baseline season to the first season after start of treatment. Secondary outcomes were well days, responders, immunologic changes, and safety. Results: Mean changes in the area under the curve of the SMS from the baseline to the first grass pollen season after the start of treatment were -212.5 for the active group and -97.8 for the placebo group (P =.0040). Rhinoconjunctivitis SMS (P =.0020) and separated symptom and medication scores were also statistically different between the 2 groups (P = .0121 and P = .0226, respectively). The number of well days and the percentage of responders were greater in the active group. Changes in allergen-specific IgE and IgG levels indicated a significant immunologic effect. The treatment was well tolerated, and no serious treatment-related events were reported. Conclusions: This study confirmed that this SLIT preparation significantly reduced symptoms and medication use in children with grass pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. The preparation showed significant effects on allergen-specific antibodies, was well tolerated, and appeared to be a valid therapeutic option in children allergic to grass pollen. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00841256. (J Allergy Clin Immunol 2012
Repeated low-dose intradermal allergen injection suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy with high-dose grass pollen was first described more than 100 years ago. This treatment suppresses allergen-induced cutaneous late responses, with lesser effects on early responses. In contrast, low-dose subcutaneous immunotherapy has not shown clinical benefit. Uncontrolled reports from the early 20th century describe lowdose allergen inoculation directly into the dermis, an immunologically active area containing abundant dendritic cells and lymphatics. Objective: We sought to investigate the effect of low-dose intradermal grass pollen administration on cutaneous reactivity to allergen. Methods: Thirty adults sensitized to grass and tree pollens were randomized to receive (1) 6 repeat intradermal injections at 2-week intervals of grass pollen extract (estimated 7 ng of the major grass allergen Phl p 5 per injection), (2) 2 intradermal injections separated by 10 weeks, or (3) a single intradermal injection at 10 weeks. At the end of the study, cutaneous early and late responses were measured after double-blind intradermal injection with grass and birch pollen. Results: Participants who received 6 fortnightly intradermal grass pollen injections had markedly smaller cutaneous late responses to grass pollen than control subjects who received 2 injections separated by 10 weeks (P < .01) or a single injection (P < .001) and showed induction of grass pollen-specific IgG antibodies. Suppression was observed whether late responses were measured on the arms or the back. However, early responses were equivalent in all groups. Conclusion: Low-dose intradermal allergen, like conventional subcutaneous high-dose immmunotherapy, suppresses allergeninduced cutaneous late responses in a manner that is allergen specific, systemic, and associated with induction of IgG antibodies. © 2012 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Budget impact analysis of two immunotherapy products for treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhino conjunctivitis; Background: Grass pollen-induced allergic rhin oconjunctivitis constitutes a large burden for society. Up to 20% of European and United States (US) populations suffer from respiratory allergies, including grass pollen-induced allergic rhino conjunctivitis. The majority of patients are treated with symptomatic medications
Allergen specificity of IgG4-expressing B cells in patients with grass pollen allergy undergoing immunotherapy; Background: Serum IgG4 responses to allergen immunotherapy are well documented as blocking allergen binding to receptor-bound IgE on antigen-presenting cells and effector cells, but the molecular characteristics of treatment-induced IgG4, particularly in relation to expressed antibody, are poorly defined. Objectives: We aimed to clone and express recombinant IgG4 from patients receiving grass pollen immunotherapy using single B cells to obtain matched heavy- and light-chain pairs. Methods: IgG4+ B cells were enriched from blood samples taken from 5 patients receiving grass pollen immunotherapy. Matched heavy- and light-chain variable-region sequences were amplified from single IgG4+ B cells. Variable regions were cloned and expressed as recombinant IgG 4. Binding analysis of grass pollen-specific IgG4 was performed by using surface plasmon resonance. Functional assays were used to determine IgE blocking activity. In a separate experiment grass pollen-specific antibodies were depleted from serum samples to determine the proportion of grass pollen-specific IgG4 within total IgG4. Results: Depletion of grass pollen-specific antibodies from serum led to a modest reduction in total IgG4 levels. Matched heavy- and light-chain sequences were cloned from single IgG4+ B cells and expressed as recombinant IgG4. We identified an IgG4 that binds with extremely high affinity to the grass pollen allergen Phl p 7. Furthermore, we found that a single specific mAb can block IgE-mediated facilitated allergen presentation, as well as IgE-mediated basophil activation. Conclusion: Although increases in IgG4 levels cannot be wholly accounted for within the allergen-specific fraction, allergen immunotherapy might result in the production of high-affinity allergen-specific blocking IgG4. © 2012 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Cross-reactivity and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: Practical implications for immunotherapy with a timothy grass pollen tablet; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is currently the only causal treatment of allergic respiratory diseases. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is widely utilized for allergic rhinitis to grass pollen. Its effectiveness is due to the presence in the oral mucosa of immune cells with a regulatory phenotype, which is why SLIT is particularly suitable for inducing an antigen-specific tolerance with greater safety. Among the plants, it has been demonstrated in recent years many structural homologies. The existence of this high cross-reactivity can explain why allergens of timothy administered to a patient allergic to various grasses protect against all allergens in this family. Thus, recently, there appeared a new form of SLIT based on a tablet of allergen extract of timothy grass (Grazax®) used in order to "change the course of rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis triggered by pollen Grasses in adults and children (from 5 years) with clinical symptoms due to an allergy to grass pollen" The clinical development of this tablet has indeed demonstrated its effectiveness in reducing allergic symptoms and consumption of symptomatic treatments for patients. After 5 years of availability and more than 50,000 year-equivalent treatments, the systematic review of the safety profile of this tablet is very favorable with less than two serious incidents per 1000 treatments. While the prevalence of allergic rhinitis has doubled in 10 years and that it affects 18% of adults and 11 to 27% of children in France, how will be use this new form of desensitization? © 2012.
The cost-effectiveness of immunotherapy for respiratory allergy: A review; This article reviews the international literature on the cost-effectiveness of immunotherapy for respiratory allergy. Included studies conducted an economic evaluation of immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, asthma or allergic rhinitis in combination with asthma. Although there were few economic evaluations and these suffered from methodological shortcomings, the evidence appears to support the cost-effectiveness of immunotherapy as compared with pharmacotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, subcutaneous immunotherapy as compared with pharmacotherapy for allergic rhinitis and immunotherapy as compared with pharmacotherapy for allergic rhinitis and asthma. One economic evaluation suggested that immunotherapy as compared with pharmacotherapy is unlikely to be cost-effective for asthma. The questions of the cost-effectiveness of sublingual vs subcutaneous immunotherapy and of the cost-effectiveness of immunotherapy for allergic conjunctivitis have not been resolved to date. The cost-effectiveness of immunotherapy depends on the duration of the clinical benefit of immunotherapy following treatment cessation, and on the break-even point of cumulative costs between immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy. There is a need for economic evaluations based on high-quality prospective and long-term clinical studies comparing immunotherapy with pharmacotherapy in real-life practice and comparing sublingual with subcutaneous immunotherapy. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Alpha purothionin, a new wheat food allergen, belongs to a family of plant defence proteins; Purpose/Objective: Wheat is an important source for IgE-mediated food allergy. Avoidance of wheat products is currently the only therapy for wheat food allergic patients whereas allergen-specific approaches such as immunotherapy would require a detailed knowledge and availability of the disease-causing allergens. Aim of this study was the isolation, identification and characterization of new allergens recognized by wheat food allergic patients for diagnosis and treatment of wheat food allergy. Materials and methods: We screened a wheat cDNA library with serum IgE antibodies from patients suffering from wheat food allergy. The cDNA coding for novel wheat food allergen, alpha-purothionin, could be isolated and identified by sequence analysis. Recombinant alpha-purothionin was expressed, purified and characterized regarding molecular properties. The IgE-reactivity was tested in wheat food allergics, grass pollen allergic patients and non-atopic individuals. Allergen-specific rabbit antibodies were used to screen different cereal and bread extracts. To investigate the allergenic activity, we performed basophil degranulation experiments. Results: In this study we report the isolation of an IgE-reactive cDNA clone coding for a novel wheat food allergen alpha purothionin which belongs to a family of plant defence proteins. Homologue proteins to alpha purothionin could be detected by allergen specific rabbit antibodies in many other cereal and bread extracts. Serum IgE antibodies from wheat food allergic patients reacted specifically with alpha purothionin and allergenic activity was demonstrated in basophil degranulation and skin prick test experiments. Conclusions: Recombinant alpha purothionin may be useful for the diagnosis and possibly immunotherapy of IgE-mediated wheat food allergy.
IgE reactivity profiling of allergic individuals in the Philippines; Purpose/Objective: There is only limited information about allergy and relevant allergens in the Philippines. This study aimed to investigate the allergen profile in the Philippines. Materials and methods: A questionnaire for Allergy Screening from the International Study of Asthma and Allergy in Childhood was used to identify individuals with and without allergic symptoms. Allergen specific-IgE antibodies were determined by ELISA using pollen extracts from several local grasses such as Cynodon dactylon, Chloris barbata, Imperata cylindrica, Saccharum spontaneum, Sporobulus indicus, Oryza sativa and Zea mays. In addition, chips containing 103 micro-arrayed purified allergen molecules were used to determine the molecular IgE reactivity profiles in random subgroups of 79 symptomatic and 20 asymptomatic subjects. IgE binding studies were performed in purified rOry s 1 from rice and galactose-a1,3-galactose (α-Gal)
Compliance and persistence among users of subcutaneous and sublingual allergen immunotherapy; Background: Subcutaneous(SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) allergen immunotherapy is a safe and effective treatment of allergic rhinitis, but high levels of compliance and persistence are crucial to achieving the desired clinical effects. The objective was therefore to assess levels and predictors of compliance and persistence among grass & tree pollen, and house dust mite immunotherapy users in real-life, and estimate costs of premature discontinuation. Methods: A retrospective analysis of a community-pharmacy database from The Netherlands containing data from 6486 patients starting immunotherapy for one or more of the allergens of interest between 1994 and 2009. 2796 patients received SCIT and 3690 received SLIT. Time-to-treatment discontinuation was analyzed and included Cox proportional Hazard models with time-dependent covariates, where appropriate. Results: 82% per cent of users did not reach the minimally required duration of treatment of three years (SCIT: 77%, SLIT: 93%). Median durations for SCIT and SLIT users were 1.7 and 0.6 years, respectively. Of the persistent patients, 58 per cent were never late in picking up their medication from the pharmacy. Other independent predictors of premature discontinuation were prescriber, with general practitioner patients demonstrating longer persistence than those of allergologists and other medical specialists, multiple-allergen therapy, higher socioeconomic status, and younger age. Direct medication costs per nonpersistent patient were €3,800. Conclusion: Persistence is better in SCIT users than in SLIT users. Further studies are needed to determine whether persistence can be improved by administering the therapy close to the patient's home.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy: From therapeutic vaccines to prophylactic approaches; Immunoglobulin E-mediated allergies affect more than 25% of the population. Allergen exposure induces a variety of symptoms in allergic patients, which include rhinitis, conjunctivitis, asthma, dermatitis, food allergy and life-threatening systemic anaphylaxis. At present, allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT), which is based on the administration of the disease-causing allergens, is the only disease-modifying treatment for allergy. Current therapeutic allergy vaccines are still prepared from relatively poorly defined allergen extracts. However, with the availability of the structures of the most common allergen molecules, it has become possible to produce well-defined recombinant and synthetic allergy vaccines that allow specific targeting of the mechanisms of allergic disease. Here we provide a summary of the development and mechanisms of SIT, and then review new forms of therapeutic vaccines that are based on recombinant and synthetic molecules. Finally, we discuss possible allergen-specific strategies for prevention of allergic disease. © 2012 The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine.
Subtropical grass pollen allergens are important for allergic respiratory diseases in subtropical regions; Background: Grass pollen allergens are a major cause of allergic respiratory disease but traditionally prescribing practice for grass pollen allergen-specific immunotherapy has favoured pollen extracts of temperate grasses. Here we aim to compare allergy to subtropical and temperate grass pollens in patients with allergic rhinitis from a subtropical region of Australia. Methods. Sensitization to pollen extracts of the subtropical Bahia grass (Paspalum notatum), Johnson grass (Sorghum halepense) and Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon) as well as the temperate Ryegrass (Lolium perenne) were measured by skin prick in 233 subjects from Brisbane. Grass pollen-specific IgE reactivity was tested by ELISA and cross-inhibition ELISA. Results: Patients with grass pollen allergy from a subtropical region showed higher skin prick diameters with subtropical Bahia grass and Bermuda grass pollens than with Johnson grass and Ryegrass pollens. IgE reactivity was higher with pollen of Bahia grass than Bermuda grass, Johnson grass and Ryegrass. Patients showed asymmetric cross-inhibition of IgE reactivity with subtropical grass pollens that was not blocked by temperate grass pollen allergens indicating the presence of species-specific IgE binding sites of subtropical grass pollen allergens that are not represented in temperate grass pollens. Conclusions: Subtropical grass pollens are more important allergen sources than temperate grass pollens for patients from a subtropical region. Targeting allergen-specific immunotherapy to subtropical grass pollen allergens in patients with allergic rhinitis in subtropical regions could improve treatment efficacy thereby reducing the burden of allergic rhinitis and asthma. © 2012 Davies et al
Epigenetic modifications and improved regulatory T-cell function in subjects undergoing dual sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only mode of therapy that has been demonstrated to offer a cure in patients with IgE-mediated respiratory allergies. Objective: We sought to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of timothy grass (TG) and dust mite (DM) dual sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) and to begin to investigate the immune mechanisms involved in successful immunotherapy with multiple allergens. Methods: The safety and efficacy of dual SLIT with TG and DM in children and adults with demonstrated allergies to TG and DM were investigated in a single-center, randomized, double-blind, controlled phase I study. Thirty subjects received either TG and DM dual SLIT (n = 20) or placebo (n = 10). Immune parameters were evaluated for differentiation of desensitized subjects from control subjects. Results: Subjects treated with dual SLIT had decreased rhinoconjunctivitis scores (P <.001) and medication use scores (P <.001) and reduced responses to TG and DM allergen based on results of skin prick tests or nasal disk challenges (P <.01 and P <.001, respectively) compared with placebo-treated control subjects. An increase in TG- and DM-specific IgG4 levels, reduced allergen-specific IgE levels, and subsequent basophil activation were observed in the active treatment group. Dual SLIT promoted allergen-specific suppressive CD4+CD25 highCD127lowCD45RO+ forkhead box protein 3 (Foxp3)+ memory regulatory T cells with reduced DNA methylation of CpG sites within the Foxp3 locus. Conclusion: The results of this pilot study suggest that dual SLIT could be an effective means to treat subjects with sensitivities to a variety of allergens and that long-term tolerance might be induced by epigenetic modifications of Foxp3 in memory regulatory T cells. © 2012 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Mechanisms underlying allergy vaccination with recombinant hypoallergenic allergen derivatives; Hundred years ago therapeutic vaccination with allergen-containing extracts has been introduced as a clinically effective, disease-modifying, allergen-specific and long-lasting form of therapy for allergy, a hypersensitivity disease affecting more than 25% of the population. Today, the structures of most of the disease-causing allergens have been elucidated and recombinant hypoallergenic allergen derivatives with reduced allergenic activity have been engineered to reduce side effects during allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT). These recombinant hypoallergens have been characterized in vitro, in experimental animal models and in clinical trials in allergic patients. This review provides a summary of the molecular, immunological and preclinical evaluation criteria applied for this new generation of allergy vaccines. Furthermore, we summarize the mechanisms underlying SIT with recombinant hypoallergens which are thought to be responsible for their therapeutic effect. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Allergenic immunotherapy and seasonal changes in nitric oxide concentration in exhaled air in seasonal rhinitis patients; Background: Concentration of nitric oxide in exhaled air (FeNO) was revealed to decrease as a result of immunotherapy. However, individuals who are exposed to environmental allergens are characterized by elevated values of FeNO. The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) on the dynamics of FeNO determined during consecutive pollination seasons. Methods: This study, performed between 2005 and 2008, included 41 patients with confirmed sensitivity to grass pollens and predominating symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis, randomly assigned to desensitization by preseasonal or maintenance SCIT. FeNO was measured prior to and during each pollen season (November- January and May-July, respectively). The results were conferred to data on grass pollination intensity in 2006-2008 (air concentration of grass pollen grains, seasonal number of days when air concentration of grass pollen reached at least ≥50 grains per 1m3). Results: Median content of FeNO in exhaled air was significantly higher in 2007 compared to 2006 and 2008 pollen seasons. During 2007 and 2008 pollen seasons, significant increase in FeNO was observed compared to the respective preseasonal values. Median number of days with air concentration of grass pollen ≥50 grains per 1m3 of air during 4 weeks preceding seasonal FeNO measurement was significantly higher in 2007, corresponding to higher FeNO value recorded during this pollen season. However, no significant correlation was observed between seasonal number of days with 50 grass pollen grains per 1m3 of air and FeNO in exhaled air (r=0.09, p=0.362). Conclusions: Most seasonal allergic rhinitis patients show physiological levels of FeNO prior to the pollen seasons and a marked increase in this parameter, probably proportional to pollination intensity, is observed within the seasons. © 2012 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with a once-daily SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet; Objectives: Specific immunotherapy with the grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) has been developed as an effective, well tolerated, and convenient treatment for grass pollen induced seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC). Six phase II/III randomized, placebo-controlled trials with the duration of a single grass pollen season of treatment using the SQ-standardized grass AIT, Grazax (Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark), have been published previously. This review compares results from these trials. Methods: As outcome measures and methods of assessing them were similar across the trials, we have summarized the main efficacy findings (Total Combined Score [TCS], average daily rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores, percentage of well days, quality of life scores) during a single season of treatment with grass AIT in adults and children with seasonal ARC. Results: The results of the European and North American trials were similar. Compared with the placebo group, who received symptomatic medications only, treatment with grass AIT resulted in fewer rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms, a lower intake of symptomatic medication, better patient self-rated quality of life and a greater percentage of well days during the entire grass pollen season. The data indicate that grass AIT treatment is equally effective in adults and children
Early improvement of patients' condition during allergen-specific subcutaneous immunotherapy with a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation; Objective: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed with 37 patients to assess the efficacy as well as the safety of short-term pre-seasonal subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with a six-grass pollen allergoid for one year. Results: After one pre-seasonal treatment cycle there are significant differences between the groups in favour of active treatment. On a "1 - 10" visual rating scale patients' condition is improved in the active group by a median of 2.5 points, whereas no change is found in the placebo treated group (p=0.024).Thirteen of 20 (65%) actively treated patients in comparison to 6 of 17 (35%) placebo treated patients improved for at least two points which was defined as clinically relevant. The efficacy of SCIT is further demonstrated by significantly reduced skin test reactivity and significant increases in immunological parameters like allergen- specific IgG1 and IgG4 in actively treated patients. Injections are well tolerated and only mild to moderate systemic reactions occurred. Conclusion: The high-dose hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation was shown to be safe and clinically efficacious.One pre-seasonal course of 7 SCIT injections was sufficient to reach significant and clinically relevant efficacy with good safety.
3-years' long-term effect of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation in adults; Background: Most clinical trials investigating preventive and disease-modifying effects of SCIT were performed in children for only a few allergen products. In this study we observed adult patients 3 years after the completion of treatment with a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation.Methods: A double-blind, placebo-controlled (DBPC) trial had proven efficacy and safety of a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation in adults (1). 3 years after termination of a 3-years' pre-seasonal SCIT symptom and medication scores, quality of life, and the development of new sensitizations were investigated. Patients who fulfilled the same inclusion and exclusion criteria at start of the DBPC study and who had not received SCIT in the meantime served as a control group. Results: Symptom-medication score and symptom score were significantly reduced in the Ex-SCIT group in comparison to the control group (p=0.000). Quality of life (RQLQ) was significantly better in the Ex-SCIT group (p=0.000). 20 (77%) subjects of the Ex-SCIT group did not show any new sensitizations against a defined allergen panel in comparison to 3 (23%) patients of the control group. Conclusion: This 3-years' controlled follow-up study in adults demonstrates long-term improvements in symptom-medication score and quality of life and reduced onset of new sensitizations after completion of SCIT.
Efficacy of sublingual swallow immunotherapy in children with rye grass pollen allergic rhinitis: A double-blind placebo-controlled study; Specific local immunotherapy has been recently introduced as an alternative to classic subcutaneous immunotherapy in treatment of allergic rhinitis. In this study, the effects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on symptoms and medication score and skin prick test evaluation of patients with allergic rhinitis were investigated. In this placebo controlled trial, twenty four patients aged 5-18 years old with grass pollen induced rhinitis and sensitive to rye grass by positive skin prick test received randomly sublingual extract of rye grass or placebo for 6 months. Symptom and medication scores and adverse effects of SLIT were assessed during treatment. Skin prick test induced wheal at the beginning and the end of therapy were also measured. Data were analyzed with SPSS software. We found significant reduction of symptoms in intervention group from 21st week of immunotherapy (p<0.05). Medication scores were also reduced after 16th week (p<0.05), adverse effects were low and insignificant in both groups. Erythema induced diameter with skin prick test for grass and rye grass was significantly reduced in SLI group after immunotherapy. This study indicates that SLIT in grass-pollen rhinitis is well tolerated, improves overall clinical symptoms, and reduces drug consumes. We recommend this therapy as a safe therapy in patients with allergic rhinitis. Copyright© 2012, Iranian Journal of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology. All rights reserved.
Specific subcutaneous immunotherapy with recombinant grass pollen allergens: First randomized dose-ranging safety study; Background Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) with native allergen extracts and allergoids has been performed successfully for decades. Preliminary studies revealed the use of recombinant allergen-preparations as a promising option for SIT. Objective The present study was designed to investigate the dose-ranging safety in SCIT with a mixture of five recombinant grass pollen allergens containing equimolar amounts of rPhl p 1, rPhl p2, rPhl p 5a, rPhl p 5b and rPhl p 6, adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide. Methods A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging safety study (EudraCT number 2007-002808-18) was performed in 50 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma. Patients were randomized to groups of 10 to receive maximum doses of 20, 40, 80 or 120 μg of total grass pollen recombinant protein or placebo. The primary end-point of this trial was the number of patients with at least one systemic reaction with possible, probable or definite relationship to the study medication determined at the end of the up-dosing phase. Secondary end-points included titrated intracutaneous test with natural six-grass pollen extract, allergen-specific conjunctival provocation test as well as IgG and IgE-levels throughout the study. Results Eight of the 50 patients revealed systemic reactions grade 1 or 2 corresponding to the primary end-point definition. No systemic reactions grade 3 or 4 occurred in any dosage group. The systemic reactions were well distributed among the active groups. Results of secondary end-points imply that the study medication is effective and provokes immunological effects. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance The first DBPC SCIT-DRF with a mixture of recombinant Phleum allergens (Phl p 1, 2, 5a, 5b, 6) in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis plus/ minus asthma showed no major side effects in very high doses up to 120 μg. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Grass pollen immunotherapy in children: Any symptoms 3 years after stopping the treatment?; We made a study of the outcome of children who had undergone desensitization to grass pollen at least 3 years after specific imunotherapy lasting 3-4 years. A group of 46 children was included in the study. The median age at desensitization was 10.46 years, (32) 69.57% underwent desensitization by subcutaneous (SC) route, (11) 23.61% by sublingual (SL) route, and (3) 6.52% by SC route followed by SL route. The mean duration of desensitization was 4.41 years. Among the children, 84.78% were also asthmatic, and 50% were polysensitized. Symptomatic scores over the period remained lower than mean clinical scores before desentitizisation (P< 0.0001). During peak pollen times we observed a significant increase in minor clinical symptoms (sneezing, runny nose, conjunctival irritation) and deterioration of the quality of life (P= 0.001). In contrast, there was no change in dry cough and/or episodes of asthma during the pollen season. There was no significant increase in recourse to quick relief medicines during the pollen season except for antihistamines during pollen peaks (P= 0.001). Globally, 82% of the population studied reported desensitization to be still effective with regard to asthma, as against 71% for rhinitis and 76% for conjunctivitis. Desensitization remained with time strongly effective. If minor symptoms persist appropriate follow-up should be implemented. © 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS.
The role of seasonal grass pollen on childhood asthma emergency department presentations; Background: Few studies have focused on the role of grass pollen on asthma emergency department (ED) presentations among children. None have examined whether a dose-response effect exists between grass pollen levels and these asthma exacerbations. Objectives: To examine the association between increasing ambient levels of grass pollen and asthma ED presentations in children. To determine whether these associations are seen only after a thunderstorm, or whether grass pollen levels have a consistent influence on childhood asthma ED visits during the season. Methods: A short time series ecological study was conducted for asthma presentations to ED among children in Melbourne, Victoria, and grass pollen, meteorological and air quality measurements recorded during the selected 2003 period. A semi-parametric Poisson regression model was used to examine dose-response associations between daily grass pollen levels and mean daily ED attendance for asthma. Results: A smoothed plot suggested a dose-response association. As ambient grass pollen increased to about 19 grains/m3, the same day risk of childhood ED presentations also increased linearly (P < 0.001). Grass pollen levels were also associated with an increased risk in asthma ED presentations on the following day (lag 1, P < 0.001). Conclusion: This is the first study to establish a clear relationship between increased risk of childhood asthma ED attendance and levels of ambient grass pollen below 20 grains/m3, independent of any impact of thunderstorm-associated asthma. These findings have important implications for patient care, such as asthma management programs that notify the general public regarding periods of high grass pollen exposure, as well as defining the timing of initiation of pollen immunotherapy. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
A multicenter, randomized, parallel-group trial assessing compliance, tolerability, safety, and efficacy to treatment with grass allergy tablets in 261 patients with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis; Background. Allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is considered a causal treatment of respiratory allergies. Compliance to the SLIT is an important aspect for a positive clinical outcome. Study Aim. To evaluate if compliance with grass Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet (AIT) can be increased by providing an electronic compliance device (CED) (Memozax
Quality of life improvement with sublingual immunotherapy: A prospective study of efficacy; Due to its excellent safety profile, ease of administration, and economic considerations, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is becoming a preferred form of allergen specific immunotherapy. The efficacy of SLIT is still debated. The purpose of this act of practice trial is to evaluate quality of life outcomes in patients treated with SLIT. Fifty one patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis demonstrated by skin testing completed the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) at initiation, at four months and at 10-12 months of SLIT. Significant improvement (P 0.05) on six of seven domain categories of the RQLQ questionnaire was noted. Total RQLQ scores also showed significant improvement. This study supports SLIT as a modality effective in controlling allergic symptoms. © 2012 Mary S. Morris et al.
[Update on current care guidelines: Allergen specific immunotherapy].; Immunotherapy involves the specific treatment of IgE-mediated allergic diseases, indicated for allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis, allergic asthma, insect sting (bee and wasp) allergy, and food allergy (especially cow's milk, egg and wheat). Subcutaneous injection immunotherapy with pollens (both trees and grass), animal danders, insect venoms and house dust mite preparations for allergic rhinitis and asthma is effective for both adults and children. Sublingual immunotherapy indicated for allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollens (especially timothy), is effective and appears to be a safe route of administration. Specific oral tolerance induction is used in children over five years of age with severe food allergy.
A regulatory dendritic cell signature correlates with the clinical efficacy of allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Given their pivotal role in the polarization of T-cell responses, molecular changes at the level of dendritic cells (DCs) could represent an early signature indicative of the subsequent orientation of adaptive immune responses during immunotherapy. Objective: We sought to investigate whether markers of effector and regulatory DCs are affected during allergen immunotherapy in relationship with clinical benefit. Methods: Differential gel electrophoresis and label-free mass spectrometry approaches were used to compare whole proteomes from human monocyte-derived DCs differentiated toward either regulatory or effector functions. The expression of those markers was assessed by using quantitative PCR in PBMCs from 79 patients with grass pollen allergy enrolled in a double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study evaluating the efficacy of sublingual tablets in an allergen exposure chamber over a 4-month period. Results: We identified several markers associated with DC1 and/or DC17 effector DCs, including CD71, FSCN1, IRF4, NMES1, MX1, TRAF1. A substantial phenotypic heterogeneity was observed among various types of tolerogenic DCs, with ANXA1, Complement component 1 (C1Q), CATC, GILZ, F13A, FKBP5, Stabilin-1 (STAB1), and TPP1 molecules established as shared or restricted regulatory DC markers. The expression of 2 of those DCs markers, C1Q and STAB1, was increased in PBMCs from clinical responders in contrast to that seen in nonresponders or placebo-treated patients. Conclusion: C1Q and STAB1 represent candidate biomarkers of early efficacy of allergen immunotherapy as the hallmark of a regulatory innate immune response predictive of clinical tolerance. © 2012 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
How's my dosing? A one-step, math-free guide for comparing your clinic's maintenance immunotherapy doses to current practice parameter recommendations; Background: Immunotherapy dose recommendations for allergens specified in practice parameter updates have varied from version to version, and no convenient methods are available to incorporate dose changes or targets into maintenance vial formulations for patients. Objectives: To compare the allergen immunotherapy dose recommendations published between 20032011, and to provide math-free dosing tables that translate dose targets for single or multiple extracts into maintenance vial compositions. Methods: Dose recommendations obtained from immunotherapy practice parameters published in 2003, 2007 and 2011, plus a worksheet created in 2004, were tabulated and compared. Conversion tables were created based on the fixed mathematical relationships between extract concentrate strengths and maintenance immunotherapy dose targets. Considerations of stock mixes, glycerin levels, and allergen compatibilities were applied using two examples of common extract formulations. Results: Changes to immunotherapy dose ranges for standardized extracts included adjustment of upper limits (short ragweed), lower limits (pasture grasses), or both (cat, dust mites, Bermuda grass). Dose ranges for non-standardized products have also been modified over time. Conversion tables specified the extract concentrate volumes or percentages required to deliver minimum, midrange and maximum recommended doses with 0.5 mL injection volumes. Conclusions: These dosing guides, used in conjunction with cross-reactivity, compatibility and glycerin tolerance information, provide clinicians with a convenient and systematic method for determining the numbers and strengths of extracts that can be combined into treatment vials at various dose levels, and can facilitate optimization of maintenance immunotherapy mixtures for patients exhibiting a wide range of allergen sensitivities and specificities. © 2012 American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
One hundred years of immunotherapy: Review of the first landmark studies; In 2011, one hundred years of allergen immunotherapy was celebrated. Several landmark studies date from the first decades of experience with this treatment and are still cited today, often without analysis of the original articles. Original articles of the oldest landmark studies on subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy were sought and reviewed in detail, together with some publications on their authors' historical background. Details that might be of importance to the present allergists are highlighted in this article. Study design, preparation of allergen extracts used for immunotherapy and clinical findings of the following studies are discussed. For the European school, Noon 1911 was the first report of successful application of grass pollen extract
Comparative effect of pre-coseasonal and continuous grass sublingual immunotherapy in children; Background: One of the most important aspects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is the regimen of administration. The aim of the study was to compare the efficacy and the safety of SLIT given pre-coseasonally (starting before the pollen season and continuing until the end of it) and continuously (all year round, independent of the pollen season) in children allergic to grass pollen. Methods: Sixty children aged 6-18, sensitive only to grass pollen, with rhinitis (20 patients had concomitant asthma) participated in the 2-year prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Results: Both pre-coseasonal and continuous SLIT were associated with a substantial reduction in the combined symptoms/medication score when compared with placebo
Analysis of allergen immunotherapy studies shows increased clinical efficacy in highly symptomatic patients; Background: The assessment of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) efficacy in the treatment for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR) symptoms is challenging. Allergen immunotherapy differs from symptomatic therapy in that while symptomatic therapy treats patients after symptoms appear and aims to reduce symptoms, AIT is administered before symptoms are present and aims to prevent them. Thus, clinical studies of AIT can neither establish baseline symptom levels nor limit the enrolment of patients to those with the most severe symptoms. Allergen immunotherapy treatment effects are therefore diluted by patients with low symptoms for a particular pollen season. The objective of this analysis was to assess the effect possible to achieve with AIT in the groups of patients presenting the most severe allergic symptoms. Methods: Study centres were grouped into tertiles categorized according to symptom severity scores observed in the placebo patients in each centre (low, middle and high tertiles). The difference observed in the average score in each tertile in active vs placebo-treated patients was assessed. This allowed an estimation of the efficacy that could be achieved in patients from sites where symptoms were high during the pollen season. Results: An increased treatment effect was observed in the most severe patients and was independent of the study analysed and symptom score used. Conclusions: The use of a tertile approach to analyse efficacy in AIT in SAR clinical studies can give a more accurate assessment of potential clinical benefit. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Molecular profiles of IgE to Phleum pratense in children with grass pollen allergy: Implications for specific immunotherapy; Background: The so-called component-resolved immunotherapy of allergies proposes an immunization tailored to the molecular sensitization profiles of individual patients. Objectives: We sought (1) to investigate the profiles of IgE sensitization to Phleum pratense in children with grass pollen allergy and (2) to define the compatibility of these profiles with a mixture of recombinant allergenic molecules of P pratense previously proposed for specific immunotherapy. Methods: We examined 200 children (age, 4-18 years
SQ-standardized sublingual grass immunotherapy: Confirmation of disease modification 2 years after 3 years of treatment in a randomized trial; Background: The main aim of specific immunotherapy is sustained effect due to changes in the immune system that can be demonstrated only in long-term trials. Objective: To investigate sustained efficacy and disease modification in a 5-year double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, including 2 years of blinded follow-up after completion of a 3-year period of treatment, with the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet, Grazax (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) or placebo. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multinational, phase III trial included adults with a history of moderate-to-severe grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma, inadequately controlled by symptomatic medications. Two hundred thirty-eight participants completed the trial. End points included rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores, combined scores, asthma symptom and medication scores, quality of life, days with severe symptoms, immunologic end points, and safety parameters. Results: The mean rhinoconjunctivitis daily symptom score was reduced by 25% to 36% (P ≤.004) in the grass allergy immunotherapy tablet group compared with the placebo group over the 5 grass pollen seasons covered by the trial. The rhinoconjunctivitis DMS was reduced by 20% to 45% (P ≤.022 for seasons 1-4
Effectiveness of preparations with non-modified allergens for sublingual application - Evaluation of evidence by reference to clinical trials; Background: As in the case of other preparations for specific immunotherapy, the approach taken when choosing a preparation for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) should, for ethical and economic reasons, be an evidence-based one. As yet, however, there is no overview available for proof of effectiveness of SLIT preparations marketed in Germany. Aim: The aim is to check, by means of a systematic review, which SLIT preparations available in Germany have had their clinical effectiveness documented. Methods: A literature search looked for randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled effectiveness trials (DBPC trials) conducted with SLIT preparations, which are commercially available in Germany and contain native extracts from the allergen group grasses, trees and house dust mites. The evidence of effectiveness was assessed on the basis of the criteria of the World Allergy Organization (WAO) or the European Medicines Agency (EMA). Results: 85 DBPC SLIT trials were identified, of which 23 met the inclusion criteria for the review. 16 DBPC trials involved preparations with grass allergens, 1 with tree pollen allergens and 6 with house dust mite allergens. 4 SLIT grass preparations met the effectiveness criteria and for 2 SLIT tablet preparations there are 8 positively evaluated trials in children and adults. A further positively evaluated preparation has been studied in children, teenagers and adults, whilst the fourth preparation has only been studied in adults. In the group of tree pollen preparations, one preparation yielded positive evidence of effectiveness. Of the DBPC trials with mite allergens, the only statistically significant changes were seen in the symptom scores. Conclusion: Of the 12 SLIT preparations available in Germany, there are no DBPC trials providing evidence of effectiveness as per WAO/EMA criteria for 8 of the preparations. However, there is high evidence of effectiveness with a total of 8 positively evaluated trials for the two grass tablets. © 2012 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Glycoproteins are species-specific markers and major IgE reactants in grass pollens; Grass pollen allergic patients are concomitantly exposed and sensitized to pollens from multiple Pooideae (i.e. common grass) species. As such, they are currently desensitized by allergen-specific immunotherapy using extracts made from mixes of pollens from Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Phleum pratense and Poa pratensis. Herein, we demonstrate that species-specific glycoprotein patterns are documented by 1D and 2D electrophoresis and Western blotting analysis, which can be used as an identity test for such pollens. Most allergens are glycoproteins bearing complex N-glycans encompassing β1,2 xylose and α1,3 fucose glycoepitopes. Glycoepitope destruction using periodate oxidation has no impact on seric IgE reactivity in 75% atopic patients (n=24). The latter have thus no significant IgE responses to carbohydrate-containing epitopes. In contrast, periodate treatment strongly impairs IgE recognition of glycoallergens in 25% of patients tested, demonstrating the presence of carbohydrate-specific IgE in those patients. While the clinical impact of carbohydrate-specific IgE is still a matter of controversy, the presence of these IgE in the serum of many allergic patients illustrates the need for cross-reacting carbohydrate epitope-free recombinant allergens to develop relevant diagnostic tests. These data also support the pertinence of mixing multiple grass pollens to desensitize atopic patients, with the aim to broaden the repertoire of glycoepitopes in the vaccine, thus mimicking natural exposure conditions. © 2011 Society for Experimental Biology, Association of Applied Biologists and Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Functional rather than immunoreactive levels of IgG4 correlate closely with clinical response to grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: Induction of allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies is the most consistent immunological finding in immunotherapy trials. However, quantitative assessments of IgG4 antibodies have not proven beneficial in evaluating clinical changes during or after immunotherapy. In the current study, we investigated the relationship between clinical outcome and allergen-specific IgG4 titres or functional antibody responses following immunotherapy. We hypothesized that functional assays of serum IgG-associated inhibitory activity such as inhibition of IgE-allergen interactions (IgE-blocking factor) and inhibition of CD23-dependent IgE-facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB) correlate more closely with clinical outcome and may be biomarkers of clinical response. Methods: In an 8-month dose-response randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study, 221 polysensitized subjects with severe seasonal rhinitis received Alutard SQ, Phleum pratense 100 000 SQ-U, 10 000 SQ-U or placebo injections. Serum specimens were collected before treatment, after up-dosing, during the peak season and at the end of the study. Allergen-specific IgG4 titres and IgG-associated inhibitory activity were evaluated. Results: A time- and dose-dependent increase in serum inhibitory activity for both the IgE-blocking factor and IgE-FAB was observed, which paralleled increases in grass pollen-specific IgG4 antibodies. A modest but significant inverse relationship was demonstrated between postimmunotherapy serum inhibitory activity and combined symptom-rescue medication scores (IgE-FAB: r = -0.25, P = 0.0002
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of rush preseasonal depigmented polymerized grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: To cite this article: Pfaar O, Urry Z, Robinson DS, Sager A, Richards D, Hawrylowicz CM, Bräutigam M, Klimek L. A randomized placebo-controlled trial of rush preseasonal depigmented polymerized grass pollen immunotherapy. Allergy 2012
Grass pollen inmunotherapy in children: Safety aspects; RATIONALE: Cluster schedules are an accelerated procedure to achieve maintenance dose and allow the administration of high allergen doses in a short time interval. We investigate the safety profile of cluster schedule with grass pollen (SCIT), in children with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma. METHODS: A total of 131 patients, aged 5 to 14 years (51 female and 80 male) with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass pollen were, included, in an open label prospective trial in a 3 years period (from 2008 to 2011), Grass pollen allergy was confirmed by clinical history, skin prick test and serum specific IgE. Patients received grass pollen SCIT, in a cluster schedule
Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets reduce nasal and ocular symptoms associated with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during grass pollen season in north american children and adults: 2 Randomized, Placebo-controlled trials; RATIONALE: The nasal and ocular symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) are bothersome with a substantial negative impact on quality of life. The effect of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grass AIT) treatment on individual ARC symptoms was assessed in 2 randomized, double-blind trials in North American adults and children with grass pollen-induced ARC. METHODS: The pediatric trial randomized 345 children (5-17 years)
The risk of severe treatment related adverse events is significantly lower in children compared to adults when treated with standardized timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets: Post Hoc analysis of 7 clinical trials; Background: Allergy immunotherapy tablets (AIT) provides a safer and more convenient alternative to subcutaneous specific immunotherapy treatment. However, severe adverse events occur infrequently. These events are rare and therefore pooled safety data from 1 phase II/III and 6 phase III clinical trials (5 in adults, 2 in children (5-17 years)) with grass AIT (Grazax, Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) were analysed. Method: All trials were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials. Subjects suffered from grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma, had positive skin prick test and specific IgE to Phleum pratense. Subjects received once-daily sublingual treatment with grass AIT or placebo for approximately 24 weeks. The 5 adult trials comprised 2095 treated subjects (AIT = 1060, placebo = 1035) and the 2 children trials comprised 597 treated subjects (AIT = 301, placebo = 296). Adverse events were assessed by the investigator as treatment- related (possible or probable) or unlikely related and for seriousness. Application site-related events were defined as adverse events in relation to the oral cavity. Results: In the adult trials, 71% of AIT-treated subjects reported treatmentrelated adverse events compared to 24% for placebo. In the children trials the corresponding numbers were 63% for AIT and 27% for placebo. Of the AITtreated subjects 2 children (0.7%) and 32 adults (3.0%) experienced severe treatment-related events. The odds for severe events was 4.7 times lower in children compared to adults (odds-ratio with 95% CI, 0.22 [0.025-0.85], P = 0.019). Both AIT-treated children (0.7%) and 18 (1.7%) of the AIT-treated adults experienced severe treatment-related events that were application siterelated. The odds for having severe related application site adverse events was 2.6 times lower in children compared to adults (odds-ratio with 95% CI, 0.39 [0.04-1.63], P = 0.27, not statistically significant). No serious treatment-related adverse events were reported. Conclusion: This pooled analysis of over 2000 subjects in 7 clinical trials shows that the risk of experiencing severe treatment-related adverse events was significantly lower in children compared to adults when treated with of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets. This analysis provides evidence that Timothy grass AIT is an important and safe immunotherapy treatment option in children with grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis.
Comparison of efficacy and safety of a dipigmented polymerized allergen extract of grass and birch with placebo in patients with type-1 allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The safety and efficacy of specific immunotherapy (SIT) with depigmented and polymerized allergen extracts of pollen is well documented in several clinical trials. We investigated efficacy and safety of an extract containing 2 taxonomically non-related pollen species (birch and grasses) in a subcutaneous immunotherapy over 2 pollen seasons in co-sensitized allergic patients with rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis with or without allergic asthma. Methods: 269 (ITT) patients with confirmed rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis were treated during 2009 and 2010 in Germany, Romania, Poland, Lithuania, and Bulgaria. For each patient a 1-day build-up phase applying 0.2 mL and 0.3 mL of 1000 DPP/mL allergen extract was applied. During the remaining 18-month period maintenance 500 DPP were administered in 4 to 6 weeks intervals. Patients were randomised to the treatment groups on a 2:1 basis (175 verum: 94 placebo). The main parameter in this study was the combined symptom and medication score during the birch and grass pollen season 2010 over 7 weeks. Secondary parameters were symptom score, medication score, IgE, IgG4 as well as quality of life. Results: During the 2010 season a statistically significant difference (P = 0.0385) was observed between treatment groups: in patients treated with the allergen extract the median time weighted AUC of the combined symptom and medication score was 5.70, in patients treated with placebo 7.07. This effect was predominantly due to the reduction of symptom score by 21% over placebo. The intake of recue medication was very low during both seasons leading only to a 10% reduction (ns). Birch and phleum specific IgE did not change during the course of the study in both groups whereas respective IgG4 levels increased only in the verum group and remained nearly unchanged in the placebo group (P < 0.0001). Total QoL score was improved in verum patients (P = 0.0254). 5.4% of the patients in the verum group and 4.0% of the patients in the placebo group developed mild systemic reactions. Conclusions: The results show that specific immunotherapy with a depigmented polymerized extract of 2 taxonomically non-related pollen (birch and grass) was effective and safe demonstrated by clinical and immunological parameter.
Seasonal versus symptom-based evaluation of a depigmented grass-birch allergoid; Background: The safety and efficacy of specific immunotherapy (SIT) with depigmented and polymerized allergen extracts of pollen is well documented in several clinical trials. The results of such clinical studies are highly dependent on the quantity and quality of pollen exposure and their measurements. To identify a pollen-independent efficacy assessment we compared the combined symptom and medication score (SMS) measured during the pollen season with the SMS defined by a minimum symptom score of the placebo group in a subcutaneous immunotherapy with a depigmented Grass-Birch allergoid over 2 years. Methods: 269 (ITT) patients with confirmed rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis were treated during 2009 and 2010 in Germany, Romania, Poland, Lithuania, and Bulgaria. Patients were randomised to the treatment groups on a 2:1 basis (175 verum: 94 placebo). The main parameter in this study was the combined symptom and medication score during the birch and grass pollen season 20101. In addition the SMS of the actively treated patients was analyzed following the placebo treated patients eliciting a considerable symptom burden >2. Results: The clinical results following the seasonal approach are given in the other abstract of our group1. Taking all days with mean symptom score >2 in the placebo group as calculation basis, the combined SMS values were considerably lower for actively treated patients than for placebo treated patients. For both seasons, the differences between the treatment groups were highly statistically significant (median
Clinical features and diagnostic value of specific ige to component allergen in bee venom allergy in Korea; Background: Although history taking is primary method in the diagnosis of bee venom allergy, serum specific IgE detection is critical to identify causative bee and assess the effect of immunotherapy. Component-resolved diagnosis (CRD) in allergy has been used for its high sensitivity and specificity in many allergy diseases caused by food, cat, birch, and grass pollens. The purposes of this study are to evaluate diagnostic value of serum specific IgE to 3 bee venom component allergens and observe the changes of allergen specific IgE during bee venom immunotherapy. Methods: Fifty-six bee venom anaphylaxis patients receiving bee venom immunotherapy were recruited from Ajou University Hospital. Clinical manifestations and serum specific IgE levels to bee venoms and component allergen (rApi m1 of Apidae, rVes v5 and rPol d5 of Vespidae) measured by using ImmunoCAP (Phadia, Sweden) were analyzed retrospectively. Results: Thirty-five (62.5%) patients were male and 33 (73.3%) were atopics. Their mean age was 44.9 6 13.8 years ranged from 11 to 73 years. Local reactions were found in 13 (23.2%) patients, while systemic reactions, in 43 (76.8%) patients. The most frequent manifestation was anaphylaxis which were severe (37.5%) and moderate (39.3%) manifestations followed by urticaria and angioedema. Yellow Jacket (80.8%) was the most prevalent bee followed by yellow hornet, white faced hornet, honey bee and paper wasp at the time of diagnosis with concurrent sensitization in both Apidae and Vespidae at 70.9% patients. The positive predictive value (PPV) of serum specific IgE levels to rVes v5 and rPol d5 were 85.7 and 87.5%, and they significantly correlated with conventional serum specific IgE level (r = 0.762 and r = 0.757, respectively), however, PPV of rApi m1 was only 34.8% at the time of initial diagnosis. After 3 years of bee venom immunotherapy, all kinds of bee venom specific IgE levels tended to decline compared to those collected before allergen immunotherapy, especially in component specific IgE to Vespidae. Conclusions: Yellow jacket sting and male gender may be risk factors for bee venom allergy in Korea. Component allergen specific IgE to Vespidae, not Apidae had a diagnostic and monitoring value comparable to conventional specific IgE in bee venom allergy.
Grass pollen allergen-induced surface expression of CD203C, CD63 and CD107A onCRTH2+basophils: Novel biomarkers for monitoring efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Grass pollen immunotherapy is associated with reduction in symptoms, the need for rescue medication and improvement of quality of life in patients with severe seasonal pollinosis. Although, the suppression of the early allergic response following in vivo cutaneous allergen challenge is associated with inhibition of basophil histamine release, the effects of immunotherapy on basophil reactivity is yet to be fully determined. We hypothesized that basophil reactivity as measured by increased expression of surface activation markers CD203c, CD63 and CD107a on CRTH2+ basophils is increased in grass pollen allergic individuals following in vitro allergen stimulation. We further hypothesized that this hypereactivity is reduced in immunotherapy-treated patients. Methods: Heparinized blood obtained from grass pollen allergics (n = 7), immunotherapy treated patients (n = 6) and non-atopic controls (n = 9) was incubated with 0, 0.1, 1, 10 and 100 ng/mL of P. Pratense extract at 378C for 15 minutes. Cells were stained with anti-CD3, CRTh2, CD123, CD303, CD203c, CD63 and CD107a. Additionally, whole blood basophil histamine release was measured pre/post immunotherapy by ELISA (n = 6). Results: A dose-dependent increase in the proportion of CD203c+, CD63+ and CD107a+ CRTH2+ basophils was observed following in vitro grass pollen stimulation in allergics but not in non-atopic controls. At 100 ng/mL of P. Pratense extract, CD203c+, CD63+ and CD107a+CRTH2+ basophils were significantly elevated in allergics compare to non-topics (P < 0.001, P < 0.001 and P < 0.009). This increase in CD203c+, CD63+CRTH2+ basophils in allergic individuals significantly correlated with timothy-specific IgE (r = 0.84, P < 0.0001
Heterogeneity of allergen epitope-specific CD41 T cells responses: Steps toward optimal composition for peptide-based immunotherapy; Background: Peptide-based allergen immunotherapy is a promising alternative to conventional allergy vaccine. However, the optimal composition of such vaccines, in terms of the choice of the appropriate peptides, has remained unclear. Knowledge of the epitope-specific T cell responses to allergens can give important information on the pathogenesis and regulation of allergic inflammation. In this study we sought to identify candidate allergen-epitopes that can be used to improve peptide-based allergen immunotherapy. Methods: Tetramer Guided Epitope Mapping was first used to identify CD41 T cell epitopes for group 1 and group 5 timothy grass pollen allergens. MHC class II tetramer technology was then used in an ex vivo approach to assess the grass pollen-specific CD41 T cell responses in allergic and nonallergic individuals. The frequency, surface marker phenotype and cytokine profile of these cells were directly analysed by flow cytometry. Results: CD4+ T cell responses to Timothy grass allergens are directed to a broad range of epitopes characterized by defined immunodominance hierarchy patterns. We observed heterogeneity of phenotype within the allergenspecific CD4+ T cells that depends on the epitope for which the cells are specific. T cell epitopes associated with production of IL-10 or IFN-g are recognized at low frequencies in both allergic and healthy individuals. In contrast, allergy-associated epitopes are only recognized in allergic individuals by high frequency, terminally differentiated allergen-specific CD4+ T cells, which are susceptible to deletion by repeated stimulation with high doses of antigen. Allergen-specific immunotherapy caused significant changes in the epitopes hierarchy of the grass pollen allergen-specific memory CD4 T cell pool. Conclusions: The ability to evaluate epitope-specific T cell responses to allergens can give important information on the pathogenesis and regulation of allergic inflammation and could be of great use in designing peptide-based allergy vaccination strategies. Some epitopes may play a prominent role in driving a protective response, while others may directly impair the pathogenic response.
Economic evaluation of grass tablets for immunotherapy (oralair) compared to placebo in adults and children in Italy; Background: Specific immunotherapy is based on the regular administration over time of a maintenance dose of allergen extracts to allergic patients in order to modify the immune response, thus achieving a decrease in symptoms/drug intake and an improvement in quality of life, possibly on the long-term. Grass pollen tablet, Oralair (Stallergenes, Antony Cedex, France), were developed and registered for rhinoconjunctivitis allergy induced by grass pollen. There is sufficient evidence for the clinical efficacy of the product, but pharmaco-economy data are lacking. Methods: An economic analysis, using a rescue medication adjusted score (AASS) was performed, based on the available registration trialsdto assess the magnitude of Oralair effect if patients had not taken any rescue medication. In the present study the results of an adult and a pediatric study are pooled together with economic data in order to perform a cost-effectiveness analysis from the third party payer perspective. Medical visits, diagnostic exams, skin prick test, and drugs were valorized in euros according to the National tariffs and the standard drug prices in the Italian setting. The estimated ROC also enabled us to quantify the effectiveness in terms of Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALY). A decision tree was structured in order to model the possible outcomes and costs, according to a low, moderate and high AASS in adults and pediatric patients. A probabilistic sensitivity analysis was finally conducted to test the robustness of the results as well as the consistency with an assumed cost effectiveness threshold of euros 30.000/QALY. Results: The results showed a relative difference of 1.84 in favor of the active treatment versus placebo in absolute value in adult study and of 1.64 in pediatric study. The results also show how the Oralair administration costs 1024 euro/QALY with high and moderate AASS. Including also the loss of productivity the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) in adults is 700 euro/QALY. The 95% of the simulation performed by sensitivity analysis shows an ICER below the threshold of 30.000 euro/QALY. Conclusions: In conclusion our results show that Oralair grass tablet is a cost effective strategy in adults and pediatric patients with moderate and severe AASS.
Efficacy and safety of 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets in us adults with grass-pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Clinical trials in adult and pediatric populations in Europe have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets for the treatment of grass polleninduced rhinoconjunctivitis. Here we present an assessment of this treatment in the US. Methods: 473 grass pollen allergic adults with a Retrospective Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score of .12 (scale 0-18) during the previous pollen season were randomized in a DBPC study to receive 300IR SLIT tablet or placebo, once-daily starting 4 months before and continuing through the 2009 grass pollen season. The primary efficacy variable was the daily Combined Score (CS, scale 0-3), which integrates symptoms and rescue medication use. Secondary efficacy assessments included the daily Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS), daily Adjusted Symptom Score (AdSS, which adjusts the RTSS for rescue medication use) and daily individual rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores. The primary efficacy endpoint, the daily CS during the pollen period while on treatment, was analyzed using a repeated measures ANCOVA model, as were the above secondary efficacy endpoints. The safety of the treatment was documented by means of adverse event reporting, laboratory data and physical examination findings. Results: The 300IR group showed a relative improvement in daily CS versus placebo of -28.2% (relative difference in LS Means, 95%, CI [-43.4%
Long-term clinical efficacy of immunotherapy in rhino-conjunctivitis with pollen extract; Background: Evaluate long-term clinical efficacy 2 years after suspension of specific immunotherapy in patients with seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis. Methods: During 5 years in a pre-seasonal period an extract of 7 grass pollens by sub cutaneous route (SCIT) was administered to a group of 16 patients with moderate and severe rhino-conjunctivitis, monosensitised to grass pollens. The mean age of the patients was 27.1 years, with homogeneous sex distribution. After the terminus of SCIT the group was followed during 2 more years to evaluate symptomatology and the use of rescue medication, during pollen season. We have compared this group with another group who did not perform SCIT. All patients received weekly information about forecasts and grass pollens count in their residential area. An informatics sheet was used to evaluate daily 4 degrees of 6 parameters including nasal and eye symptoms and any use of medication used to control the disease. As statistical method ANOVA test and t test was used for analyse mean differences between the 2 groups. For correlations the Spearman method was used. Results: During the immediate 2 years after SCIT in the active group, a significant reduction on symptoms (42%) as well as a reduction on the use of rescue medication (59%) were observed (P < 0.01), compared with the control group. The eye symptoms had a higher reduction than nasal symptoms after the suspension of IT. Conclusions: A significant efficacy of SCIT was verified even 2 years after the suspension of the treatment, with reduction on symptoms and on use of medication. The use of a daily score of symptoms and the use of rescue medication was very useful and confortable to the majority of the patients. Also providing regular information to patients regarding pollen count and climatic changes by electronic mail was considered useful to both groups.
The effect of specific immunotherapy on the clinical response in patients with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) has a significant potential in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of specific immunotherapy (SIT) in patients with grass-pollen induced allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis. Methods: Twenty-six patients with pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis and positive history for more than 2 years were included in our study. They had skin prick test of ≥ 5 mm, age range from 18 to 44 years and all underwent conjunctiva provocation tests before and after 1 year of SIT. Clinical severity score of nasal and conjunctiva symptoms during the season was assessed by 4-point arbitrary rating scale from 0 to 3. Conjunctiva provocations were performed out of the season until allergic symptoms occurred, achieving the allergen threshold dose (ATD). Results: After 1 year of SIT, we have noticed reduction of clinical symptoms present in allergic conjunctivitis: burning, itching, lacrimation and hyperemia (P < 0,05). We have found also reduction in clinical symptoms of allergic rhinitis: secretion, irritation, itching and nasal blockade (P < 0,01). The patients tolerated significantly higher allergen doses in provocation tests after 1 year of SIT, reaching new ATD. Conclusions: SIT reduces the clinical symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and modifies the inflammatory response after specific allergen challenge.
Does sublingual immunotherapy work with an immune deviation mechanism?; Background: We aimed at finding out the immunological mechanisms of SLIT by studying the activity of IgE specific for the epitopes of Phleum in patients treated with SLIT for grass allergen and in a control group. Methods: 30 patients allergic to grass were included in the study: • 15 patients carried out a pre-seasonal SLIT for 2 years with the 5 grass mix extract from Stallergenes. • 15 patients were not treated with SLIT. Eligible patients: Clear symptoms of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis during the past year, positivity to Phleum skin prick tests (111-) and specific IgE (3.5 kU/L). Prick tests were performed with extracts from Stallergenes
Epidemiology of urticaria cases in the allergy service from a third level medical center. Six year experience; Background: The purpose of this study is to report the cases of Urticaria diagnosed in the Allergy service from a Third level medical centre since its creation in July 2005. Methods: This is a descriptive, retrospective, transversal study from July 2005 to February 2011. Selected medical records of patients apply for diagnostic criteria for an allergy disease. EAACI/GA2LEN/EDF/WAO guideline 2009 was used to make diagnosis of urticaria. Patients were classified by age and sex, and how many of them had skin prick test, also how many patients began treatment with immunotherapy. Results: Thirteen thousand seven hundred and thirty seven consultations were attended in the Allergy service between the period mentioned
Induction of tolerance via the sublingual route: Mechanisms and applications; The clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with natural allergen extracts has been established in IgE-dependent respiratory allergies to grass or tree pollens, as well as house dust mites. Sublingual vaccines have an excellent safety record, documented with approximately 2 billion doses administered, as of today, in humans. The oral immune system comprises various antigen-presenting cells, including Langerhans cells, as well as myeloid and plasmacytoid dendritic cells (DCs) with a distinct localisation in the mucosa, along the lamina propria and in subepithelial tissues, respectively. In the absence of danger signals, all these DC subsets are tolerogenic in that they support the differentiation of Th1- and IL10-producing regulatory CD4 + T cells. Oral tissues contain limited numbers of mast cells and eosinophils, mostly located in submucosal areas, thereby explaining the good safety profile of SLIT. Resident oral Th1, Th2, and Th17 CD4+ T cells are located along the lamina propria, likely representing a defence mechanism against infectious pathogens. Second-generation sublingual vaccines are being developed, based upon recombinant allergens expressed in a native conformation, possibly formulated with Th1/T reg adjuvants and/or mucoadhesive particulate vector systems specifically designed to target oral dendritic cells. Copyright © 2012 Philippe Moingeon and Laurent Mascarell.
Increasing long-term safety of seasonal grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy: The ECRIT study; Objective: The usual build-up phase of days or weeks in allergen-specific immunotherapy entails inconveniences for individuals with symptoms only during the pollen season. Additionally, affected individuals often appear for treatment shortly before the expected start of the season without enough time for titration. This double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluated the safety of ultra-rush grass pollen immunotherapy with sublingual drops (Staloral)® in co-seasonal treatment over three consecutive seasons. Methods: 209 patients with grass pollen allergic rhinitis received ultra-rush titration (30, 90, 150 and 300 index of reactivity (IR)) of a five grass pollen mixture or placebo every 20 min at the start of the season, followed by 300 IR daily or placebo until the end of the respective season for three consecutive years. Adverse events were documented. Results: Mean treatment duration varied between seasons (81.8-92.7 days). No systemic or anaphylactic reactions were reported and no unexpected adverse events were observed. Adverse events included application site irritation, oedema, abdominal pain and diarrhoea. Fourteen patients discontinued treatment due to adverse events (placebo: four (6%) patients, verum: ten (7%) patients). Adverse events decreased in frequency over each consecutive year of treatment. Conclusion: Seasonal sublingual immunotherapy with ultra-rush titration is well tolerated even when administered as co-seasonal treatment. It may be a valuable option for patients who present late. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Asthma in patients with Japanese cedar pollinosis; Japanese cedar pollen is the most common causative allergen for seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) in Japan. More commonly known as Japanese cedar pollinosis, it occurs in spring causing the typical symptoms of seasonal AR, such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, nasal obstruction, nasal itching, and itching of the eyes. Previous reports indicate that the prevalence of Japanese cedar pollinosis among Japanese was 26.5%. According to a more recent questionnaire-based survey, the prevalence of Japanese cedar pollinosis in patients with adult asthma might be up to 30% to 50%, suggesting higher rates than that previously reported. Moreover, 30% to 60% of adult asthmatic patients with concomitant pollinosis have exacerbations of their asthma symptoms during the Japanese cedar pollen season. These findings suggest that concomitant Japanese cedar pollinosis may be an aggravating factor in patients with asthma. As with other pollens, such as grass and birch, Japanese cedar pollen was shown to be a trigger factor for worsening asthma. In clinical practice, a number of Japanese patients with asthma are monosensitized to Japanese cedar pollen but not to other antigens. Further studies are needed to elucidate the mechanisms of Japanese cedar pollen in inducing and in exacerbating asthma. The presence of concomitant AR is often associated with the difficulty in asthma control. However, there has been a controversy whether treating concomitant AR by intranasal corticosteroid would produce better asthma-related outcomes in patients with asthma and AR. The effect of treating concomitant cedar pollinosis by intranasal corticosteroids on asthma control in patients with asthma and cedar pollinosis also remains unknown. Certain systemic treatments, such as leukotriene receptor antagonist and anti-IgE monoclonal antibody, are supposed to reduce the symptoms of both asthma and AR in patients with asthma and concomitant AR. In conclusion, Japanese cedar pollinosis is often associated with exacerbations of asthma. Further investigations are expected to elucidate the precise impact and mechanisms of Japanese cedar pollinosis in asthma. Copyright © 2012 by World Allergy Organization.
Safety and efficacy of grass pollen specific immunotherapy using ultra-rush protocol and purethal vaccine; Introduction. Specific immunotherapy (SIT) using ultra-rush protocol in the treatment of allergy to hymenoptera venom constitutes a safe and effective therapeutic option. Aim. SIT with Purethal for grass pollen allergens has been evaluated to assess its effectiveness and safety. Materials and methods. The study group consisted of 29 patients with symptoms of allergic rhinitis and confirmed allergy to grass pollen. Patients were randomized to ultra-rush therapy or conventional pre- seasonal SIT. Treatment was carried out during 3 consecutive years. Results. After three-year treatment, a similar reduction in nasal symptoms during the pollen season was observed
Gram-positive bacteria on grass pollen exhibit adjuvant activity inducing inflammatory T cell responses; Background: Recently, it has been established that pollen grains contain Th2-enhancing activities besides allergens. Objective: The aim of this study was to analyse whether pollen carry additional adjuvant factors like microbes and what immunological effects they may exert. Methods: Timothy pollen grains were collected and disseminated on agar plates, and the growing microorganisms were cultivated and defined. Furthermore, the immunologic effects of microbial products on DC and T cell responses were analysed. Results: A complex mixture of bacteria and moulds was detected on grass pollen. Besides Gram-negative bacteria that are known to favour Th1-directed immune responses, moulds were identified as being sources of allergens themselves. Herein, we focused on Gram-positive bacteria that were found in high numbers, e.g. Bacillus cereus and Bacillus subtilis. Contact of immature dendritic cells (DC) from grass pollen allergic donors with supernatants of homogenized Gram-positive bacteria induced maturation of DC as measured by up-regulation of CD80, CD83 and CD86 and by enhanced production of IL-6, IL-12p40 and TNF-α, which was less pronounced compared with effects induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Consequently, stimulation of autologous CD4+ T cells with supernatants of homogenized Gram-positive bacteria plus grass pollen allergen-pulsed DC led to an enhanced proliferation and production of IL-4, IL-13, IL-10, IL-17, IL-22 and IFN-γ production compared with T cells that were stimulated with allergen-pulsed immature DC alone, whereas production of the transcription factor for regulatory T cells FoxP3 was not significantly affected. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance: These data indicate that grass pollen is colonized by several microorganisms that influence the immune response differently. Similar to LPS, supernatants of homogenized Gram-positive bacteria may serve as adjuvants by augmenting DC maturation and inflammatory Th1, Th2 and Th17 responses helping to initiate allergic immune responses. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Hypertonic saline is more effective than normal saline in seasonal allergic rhinitis in children; Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a very common childhood disease that is associated with a significant reduction in the patients' quality of life. Its treatment combines educating the patients and their parents, immunotherapy and drug administration. However, even the best approach does not relieve the symptoms of a number of patients. Alternative therapies are particularly needed for children because the fear of adverse events frequently reduces parental compliance to the prescribed drugs, and immunotherapy is less easy to administer than in adults. In this prospective investigator-blinded study we evaluated whether children, with a documented history of seasonal grass pollen-related AR, benefit from nasal irrigation by assessing the effects on nasal signs and symptoms, on middle ear effusion and on adenoidal hypertrophy. We randomized children aged 5 to 9 years (median age 82 months) to normal saline or hypertonic saline (a 2.7% sodium chloride solution), administered twice-daily using a disposable 20 ml syringe, or no treatment. Nasal symptoms (rhinorrhea, itching, sneezing, nasal obstruction), swelling of turbinates, adenoid hypertrophy or middle ear effusion were assessed at baseline and after 4 weeks of treatment. Two hundred and twenty children (normal saline: 80
Engineered forms of major grass pollen allergens as candidate vaccines for grass pollen allergy; Allergic diseases continue to increase in prevalence and are a global health problem. Conventional allergen-specific immunotherapy with allergen extracts is the only treatment that addresses the underlying cause rather than the clinical symptoms of allergy. This approach, however, suffers from the potential to cause significant side effects, including systemic and even anaphylactic responses. The use of engineered proteins with reduced IgE-binding ability is now being explored as a means of providing safe and effective allergenspecific immunotherapy. Genetic engineering of allergens aims to generate modified molecules with reduced or nil IgE binding activity while maintaining structural requirements for T-cell reactivity and induction of blocking antibodies against the natural allergens. Pollen of grasses, weeds and trees are major sources of outdoor environment allergens. Grass group allergens are highly soluble proteins that are profusely released by grass pollen upon hydration. They bind to IgE antibodies that initiate the allergic response causing hay fever, seasonal asthma, and related immune responses in humans. Improved approaches to diagnosis and therapy of allergic diseases require a thorough understanding of the structure and epitopes on the allergen molecule that are crucial for the antigen-antibody interaction. Here we report our attempts to understand structural basis of IgE reactivity of major grass pollen allergens and utilizing this information for designing recombinant hypoallergenic or non-allergenic forms as potential vaccines for grass pollen allergy.
Sensitization profiles in polysensitized patients from a restricted geographical area: Further lessons from multiplexed component resolved diagnosis; Background: The micro-array techniques for the detection of specific IgE has improved the diagnostic procedures for allergic diseases. This method also allows to define sensitization profiles from an epidemiological point of view.We studied the sensitisation pattern in a population of polysensitized patients with respiratory allergy, living in a restricted geographical area in the north-west Italy. Methods: Consecutive patients with asthma/rhinitis, living in the province of Cuneo, and having at least two positive skin prick test for non related aeroallergens were studied by a microarray (Phadia, Milan Italy) which allowed to detect specific IgE against 103 different allergen components. Results: The 70 patients included had specific IgE towards a mean of 4.3 allergens/ patient (range 2-12 allergens). Concerning pollens, 63 (90%) had specific IgE to at least one genuine grass pollen allergen, 32 (45.7%) had Ole e 1 specific IgE antibodies, although olive tree is not present in the area. A relevant percentage of sensitization to mite was found (47,1%). True co-sensitisation to grass-pollen allergens/Bet v 1/Ole e 1 was observed in 15 individuals (21.4%). Pru p 1, resulted to be a sensitizing allergen in 23 patients (32.85%), 4 of whom were co-sensitised to Pru p 3 and/or Art v 3. Conclusion: A detailed knowledge of the sensitisation pattern may have relevant implications for the prescription of specific immunotherapy. Moreover, sensitisation to PR-10 (or profilin), frequently associated to oral allergy syndrome, in some cases could hide the sensitisation to LTPs which are clinically more relevant.
Efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass monomeric allergoid: Comparison between two different treatment regimens; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with monomeric carbamylated allergoid proved to be well tolerated, safe and effective in patients with respiratory allergy. Standard administration regimens are expected to require a long time before clinical benefit can be appreciated. We investigated whether pre-seasonal and perennial regimens differently affect the clinical efficacy of grass pollen SLIT. Methods: Adult patients with allergic rhino-conjunctivitis with/without mild intermittent asthma due to grass pollen were included into this open prospective study and randomised to receive SLIT with a continuous regimen (Group 1: 1,000 AU/week for the entire study period) or a pre-seasonal regimen (Group 2: 5,000 AU/week for 10 weeks/year for 2 years), or on demand drug therapy alone (Group 3) for two years. At entry (November 2005), at the end of the first and second pollen season, a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was used to assess patients' well-being. Symptom score and drug consumption were evaluated during the seasons. Methacholine challenge was performed at study entry and conclusion. Adverse events were recorded along the whole study duration. Results: Thirty-two patients were divided into Group 1 (n=10), Group 2 (n=11) and Group 3 (n=11). A significant VAS improvement was observed in both SLIT groups, after the first and second pollen season, compared to baseline and to Group 3 (p<0.05). Less symptoms and need for medications resulted during the second season (p<0.05). No relevant variations in bronchial hyper-reactivity have been observed between the three groups. Only 2 patients experienced local or mild reactions in SLIT groups. Conclusion: Both pre-seasonal and continuous regimen of SLIT with monomeric allergoid turned out effective and safe, suggesting that a pre-seasonal course with 5,000 AU/week for 10 weeks may represent a convenient option in patients with grass pollen allergic rhinitis with/without mild intermittent asthma. Further research is urgently needed to consolidate these preliminary evidences.
Immunological approaches for tolerance induction in allergy; Allergy is the consequence of an inappropriate inflammatory immune response generated against harmless environmental antigens. In allergic disorders such as asthma and rhinitis, the Th2 mediated phenotype is a result of loss of peripheral tolerance mechanisms. In cases such as these, approaches such as immunotherapy attempt to treat the underlying cause of allergic disease by restoring tolerance. Immunotherapy initiates many complex mechanisms within the immune system that result in initiation of innate immunity, activation of both cellular and humoral B cell immunity, as well as triggering T regulatory subsets which are major players in the establishment of peripheral tolerance. Though studies clearly demonstrate immunotherapy to be efficacious, research to improve this treatment is ongoing. Investigation of allergenicity versus immunogenicity, native versus modified allergens, and the use of adjuvant and modality of dosing are all current strategies for immunotherapy advancement that will be reviewed in this article. © 2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Clinical experience with recombinant molecules for allergy vaccination; Numerous allergens have been cloned and produced by the use of recombinant DNA technology. In several cases recombinant variants with reduced IgE-reactivity have also been developed as candidates for allergen specific immunotherapy. Only very few of these proteins have as yet been tested in the clinic, and the major focus has been on birch and grass pollen, two of the most common causes of IgE-mediated allergic disease. This article serves to justify the rational for using recombinant products and reviews the progress that has been made to date with their clinical assessment. © 2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Intralymphatic immunotherapy: From the rationale to human applications; Allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only treatment of IgE mediated allergies that is causative and has a long-term effect. Classically, SIT requires numerous subcutaneous injections of the allergen during 3-5 years. Over the last decade sublingual allergen applications have established as an alternative, but treatment duration could not be shortened. This review focuses on direct administration of vaccines in general and of allergens in particular into lymph nodes with the aim to enhance immunotherapy. Several studies have found that direct injection of antigens into lymph nodes enhanced immune responses. Recently we have focused on intralymphatic allergen administration in order to enhance SIT. Data in mouse models and in clinical trials showed that intralymphatic allergen administration strongly enhanced SIT, so that the number of allergen injections could be reduced to three, and the allergen dose could be reduced 10-100 fold. Intralymphatic injections proved easy, practically painless and safe. In mice and men, intralymphatic immunotherapy injecting allergens into a subcutaneous lymph node markedly enhances the protective immune response, so that both the dose and number of allergen injections can be reduced, making SIT safer and faster, which enhances patient convenience and compliance. © 2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Allergen immunotherapy and its place in the asthma treatment; Allergen immunotherapy (AIT) is unique therapeutic method, because of its ability to change natural course of disease. It posses preventive effect in term of prevention of new sensitivities, prevention of disease development - including asthma onset and long term effect persisting years after treatment termination. Nowadays we have enough relevant evidence about AIT effectiveness in hymenoptera venom hypersensitivity an inhaled allergy, including asthma. Newest form of AIT is sublingual tablet, at present containing grass allergens, in near future we expect also tablets with another allergens (birch, house dust mites).
Grazax - Tablet form of allergen immunotherapy; Allergen specific immunotherapy is now recognized as an integral part of standardized therapeutical guidelines which efficacy is proved by Evidence Based Medicine standards. The sublingual application of therapeutic allergens is now recognized as safe route of administration in comparison with subcutaneous administration with superior compliance. The principal guidelines of WAO addressing sublingual administration of allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) were launched in 2009 year. The both efficacy, and safety of SLIT comparable with subcutaneous route of immunotherapy were substantiated in this pivotal document. The last variant of SLIT is the form of tablets containing standardized content of allergen. Grazax 75 000 SQ-T tablets were released into large scale clinical application in 2006 year. Grazax 75 000 SQ-T is lyophilized standardized allergen extract of grass pollen Phleum pratense (Phl p5). The SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy Grazax (ALK-AbellóA/S, Hoersholm, Denmark) is indicated in children older than 5 years, adolescents and adults with clinically significant manifestations of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis induced by pollen grass allergens in whom allergic reactivity is substantiated by positive skin prick tests and/or the presence of allergen specific IgE antibodies reacting with pollen grass allergens.
[Pathophysiology of asthma: data concerning regulation of IGE and Th2 responses in the lung].; Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases, affecting 5-10% of the population worldwide. It is closely associated with the "atopic" hypersensitivity to environmental antigens ('allergens'), which is mediated by specific IgE driven by a T helper 2-type immune response, also promoting recruitment of eosinophils and mast cells and mucus overproduction. Our first research axis showed that allergen immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma to grass pollen induces inhibition of the IL-9/ mast cells axis and a selective induction of allergen-specific IgA2 antibodies in serum, which correlated to nasal tissue expression of TGF-beta. We further showed that these IgA antibodies, whilst unable to inhibit IgE-facilitated allergen presentation by B cells as achieved by IgG4 antibodies, could trigger IL-10 expression in monocytes and dendritic cells through activation of p38 MAP-kinase and recruitment of sp1 and NFkappaB transcription factors. In addition, results in a murine model of asthma suggested a protective role of secretory IgA. A second research axis, exploring local immune responses to lung allergen exposure, identified the CCR4 pathway as critically mediating the recruitment of Th2 cells into the lung of atopic asthmatics. In patients with non-atopic (intrinsic) asthma, we recently reported on the local production of specific IgE to mite allergens (Der p), able to activate basophils in vitro, while lung challenge to Der p in vivo did not result into asthmatic responses. Altogether, we showed (1) that allergen immunotherapy triggers production of IgA2, which could be protective through induction of IL-10 in monocytes/dendritic cells and/ or by scavenging allergens within secretions, and (2) that allergen exposure, which triggers the recruitment of Th2 cells through the CCR4 pathway, induces locally the production of specific IgE, irrespectively of systemic atopic features, supporting the concept according which "second signals" condition in vivo the inception and exacerbations of asthma.
Changes in basophil activation during grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy do not correlate with clinical efficacy; Background: Biomarkers predicting the safety and efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) remain to be established. Methods: Eighty-nine patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen received either a placebo or five-grass-pollen daily tablet sublingually for 4 months. Following exposure in an allergen challenge chamber, clinical responders and nonresponders were identified individually by evaluating their rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (RTSS). Activation of peripheral blood basophils was measured by cytofluorometry before and after 2 or 4 months of immunotherapy, based on CD203c surface expression following allergen stimulation. Results: Patients receiving the grass-pollen tablet had a relative mean improvement of 29.3% vs placebo in the average RTSS after 4 months of SLIT (P < 0.0003). No significant changes in basophil activation were noticed after 2 or 4 months of SLIT despite induction of specific IgGs. Among individual clinical responders, basophil activation was either decreased, increased, or unmodified during SLIT. Levels of basophil activation prior to immunotherapy were not predictive of local adverse reactions associated with immunotherapy. A moderate association was found between basophil activation and allergen-specific IgE levels, skin reactivity, or RTSS, suggesting that the former is, to some extent, indicative of disease severity. As such, patients with the highest level of basophil activation before treatment were more likely to benefit clinically from SLIT. Conclusions: Allergen reactivity of peripheral blood basophils is not a biomarker for adverse events or early onset of clinical responses to SLIT. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Direct comparison between continuous and coseasonal regimen for sublingual immunotherapy in children with grass allergy: A randomized controlled study; Background: Pre-seasonal, pre-coseasonal and continuous regimens of immunotherapy have been proposed, but their efficacy was never compared. This phase IV open study was designed to compare the clinical efficacy of a continuous and a coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for grass allergy over 3years. Methods: Children with rhinitis/asthma because of grass were randomized to SLIT given continuously (all year long) or coseasonally. The treatment started in October 2005 in the continuous SLIT group and in March 2006 in the coseasonal group Diary cards for clinical symptoms (from 0=none to 3=severe), and drug intake were recorded form March to June in 2005 (baseline), 2006 2007, and 2008. Specific IgE and IgG4 were evaluated every year. Results: Eighty children (age range 8-16) were randomized and 72 completed the study. In the first year, the symptom+medication score improved by 44% in the continuous group and by 20% in the coseasonal group (p=0.04). Symptoms, chest symptoms, and drug intake separately showed a greater decrease vs. baseline in the continuous group. In the second year, the global score decreased in both groups with no significant difference, whereas symptom score decreased more in the continuous group. In the 3rd year, there was no difference in clinical parameters between the two groups. Specific IgG4 were significantly higher vs. baseline since the 1st year in the continuous group and since the 2nd in the coseasonal group. Conclusion: In grass pollen allergy, the continuous regimen performs better than the coseasonal in the first season, whereas in the subsequent years, the two regimens are nearly equivalent. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Local immunological mechanisms of sublingual immunotherapy; Purpose of Review: To summarize novel insights into the immunological mechanisms of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Within the recent decades, several alternative noninvasive allergen application strategies have been investigated in allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT), of which intra-oral allergen application to sublingual mucosa has been proven to be well tolerated and effective. Recent Findings: To date, SLIT is widely accepted by most allergists as an alternative option to conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Although detailed immunological mechanisms remain to be elucidated, much scientific effort has been made to shed some light on local and systemic immunological responses to SLIT in mice as well as humans. Only a few studies focused on the detailed mechanisms following allergen application to the oral mucosa as part of the sophisticated mucosal immunological network. Within this network, the pro-tolerogenic properties of local antigen-presenting cells (APCs) such as dendritic cells - which are able to enforce tolerogenic mechanisms and to induce T-cell immune responses - play a central role. Further on, basic research focused not only on the immune response in nasal and bronchial mucosa but also on the systemic T-cell immune response. Summary: Thus, much exiting data have been published providing a better understanding of immunological features of SLIT but far more investigations are necessary to uncover further exciting details on the key mechanisms of SLIT. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Generation of a high affinity Phl p 7-specific IgG4 antibody; Objective Allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies are induced by immunotherapy and have been shown to block IgE-mediated responses. The aim of this study was to clone and express immunotherapy-induced monoclonal IgG4. Methods Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) were isolated from a patient receiving grass pollen immunotherapy. IgG41B cells were enriched from PBMC by depletion of non-B cells and B cells expressing other isotypes. Matched heavy and light chain variable region sequences were amplified from single IgG41B cells by reverse-transcriptase PCR (RT-PCR). Sequences were cloned into expression vectors containing the respective heavy (IgG4) and light (lambda) chain constant regions. Monoclonal IgG4 was transiently expressed in a mammalian cell line. Expression was confirmed by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and specificity was investigated with a commercially available allergen microarray immunoassay. Binding of monoclonal IgG4 to antigen was measured by surface plasmon resonance (SPR). Results 102.1F10 is a monoclonal IgG4 antibody derived from a patient receiving grass pollen immunotherapy. Allergen microarray immunoassay revealed that 102.1F10 is specific for Phl p 7, an 8kDa calcium binding protein that reacts with IgE from 10% of individuals with allergy to Timothy grass pollen. SPR studies demonstrated that 102.1F10 binds to Phl p 7 with high affinity (KD = 2×10-10), the affinity of this interaction was reduced 9000-fold in calcium free conditions. Conclusions Single-cell RT-PCR is a useful technique for generating monoclonal allergen-specific antibodies. Here we report on the production of a naturally occurring monoclonal IgG4 antibody with high affinity for Phl p 7, a clinically relevant, crossreactive grass pollen allergen. This is the first report of a human monoclonal antibody specific for Phl p 7 and provides the basis for further studies investigating the therapeutic potential of monoclonal allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies in allergic disease.
Safety of pollinex quattro pollen immunotherapy in children; Background Pollinex Quattro is a recently developed subcutaneous pollen immunotherapy product designed to have improved patient acceptability. There are only limited data available regarding its safety in children. Objectives We reviewed our experience of using Pollinex Quattro during a 1 year period, to establish the safety of this product in children. Methods We reviewed the case notes of patients aged under 18 years attending St. Mary's Hospital paediatric immunotherapy programme for preseasonal treatment prior to the 2010 tree and grass pollen seasons. Data were extracted regarding adverse events in hospital and out of hospital. Adverse events occurring outside hospital were recorded at the next immunotherapy clinic visit. Results Fifty children and adolescents were treated and data were extracted from the records of all these, comprising a total of 256 planned injections. One child had a Grade III immediate systemic reaction, 2 had a large local reaction and 3 had delayed onset systemic symptoms. Two children (4%) failed to complete the planned treatment. An adverse reaction occurred in 3 of 8 (37.5%) children with a history of asthma, and 3 of 36 (8.3%) without (P = 0.11). Conclusions Pollinex Quattro is well tolerated by children and adolescents, with 96% of patients completing a 1 year course and 88% completing without any documented adverse reaction. Study of larger numbers is needed to establish whether the treatment is safe in those with a history of asthma.
Efficacy of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) treatment in Canadian children and adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC); Background The effect of Timothy grass AIT treatment on a Canadian subpopulation was assessed post-hoc using data from 2 randomized, double-blind, trials designed to evaluate grass AIT in North American subjects. Methods Subjects 5 years and older with ARC with/without asthma received once-daily 2800 BAU sublingual grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T, ∼15μg Phl p5) or placebo starting approximately 16 weeks before and continuing throughout the 2009 grass pollen season (GPS). Subjects used daily e-diaries to record ARC symptoms and use of symptomatic medications from randomization through study end (approximately 24 weeks). The primary efficacy endpoint comprised the average total combined daily symptom and medication score (TCS) during the entire GPS. Secondary endpoints included average daily symptom score (DSS) and average daily medication score (DMS). Safety was assessed by monitoring adverse events (AEs). Results The Canadian subpopulation included 103 subjects (46 pediatric [5-17y]
Reproduction and juvenile animal toxicology studies in the rat with a new allergy vaccine adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®) for the treatment of grass pollen allergy; Pollinex® Quattro Grass has been developed for the prevention or relief of allergic symptoms caused by pollen in both adults and children. Reproduction and juvenile animal toxicology studies have been performed. Subcutaneous injection on Day 14 prior to pairing and on Days 6 and 13 of gestation to pregnant rats at 2000SU/0.5mL elicited no signs of maternal or embryo-foetal toxicity. Mating, fertility, fecundity and pup parameters were all unaffected by treatment. Once-weekly subcutaneous administration at ascending doses of 300, 800, 2000 and 2000SU/0.5mL followed by a 4 week non-dose period to juvenile rats from 3 weeks of age showed no signs of obvious toxicity. As in a previously performed adult animal toxicology study with the vaccine, not unexpected, but relatively minor, immuno-stimulatory effects were seen in this study along with injection site reaction which can largely be attributed to the presence of tyrosine in the formulation. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Evidence of effect of subcutaneous immunotherapy in children: Complete and updated review from 2006 onward; Objective: To update the scientific evidence of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) in children. Data Sources: PubMed, EMBASE, and known articles. Study Selection: All publications on SCIT in pediatric patients from January 2006 to April 2011. Study design was not a restriction. The articles were analyzed according to their outcomes and evaluated on their scientific quality using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation and Jadad tools. Clinical, safety, and immunologic data were gathered. Results: The scientific evidence produced by the 31 articles analyzed showed that there is high-quality evidence that grass pollen SCIT causes a reduction in the combined symptom-medication score and increases the threshold of the conjunctival provocation test, immediately and 7 years after termination of SCIT, as well as the threshold of the specific bronchial provocation test and the skin prick test reactivity. Alternaria SCIT improves medication scores, combined symptom-medication scores, and quality of life. It augments the threshold in the nasal provocation test. High-quality evidence of house dust mite SCIT shows that asthma symptom and medication scores improve and emergency department visits and skin reactivity are reduced
In subjects allergic to grass pollen, basophil sensitivity decreases during subcutaneous immunotherapy due to both humoral factors and cellular desensitization; Background: The major effect of SCIT is a change in allergen specific immunoglobulin. We measure the contribution of competing immunoglobulin to the effect of SCIT in patients with allergic rhino-conjunctivitis with basophil activation tests (BAT). Methods: We have randomized 24 patients to a treatment (18) and an open control group (6). Repeated BAT were performed at baseline and througout treatment. Heparinized blood was centrifuged, plasma was removed, the cells washed twice, then reconstituted with plasma from the present and baseline visit, and medium. The cells were incubated with log dilutions of grass pollen extract and washed again. Basophil activation was measured as the percentage of CD63 expression on CD193 + basophils. The LC50 was calculated as the log of the allergen concentration leading to half maximum basophil activation. Specific IgE and IgG4 was measured using ISAC panel. Results: We found a 15-fold reduction in basophil sensitivity in the treated group during updosing, compared to their baseline sensitivity (n = 18
Budget impact analysis of immunotherapy in patients with grass pollen allergic rhinitis; OBJECTIVES: A budget impact analysis was conducted to estimate the impact of Oralair® on a market of selected number of relevant grass allergens. METHODS: In this analysis the hypothetical market for grass allergens consisted of those compounds for which efficacy data of comparable high-quality evidence have been published. These compounds were Oralair®, Grazax® and ALK Depot SQ®. Actual German market data from 2008-2010 served as a basis for future estimates of market share development. Future predictions were made on market uptake and market dynamics (i.e. which drug increases their market share at the expense of another drug). German drug acquisition costs were taken from the Lauer-Taxe
Impact of pollen exposure on the treatment effect of ragweed and grass immunotherapy tablets for seasonalallergic rhinoconjunctivitis: Preliminary findings; Background: The overall magnitude of response to treatment of allergy immunotherapy tablets (AIT) for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) is impacted by pollen exposure. This analysis compares the efficacy of individual and pooled grass AIT (2800 BAU) and ragweed AIT studies (12 Amb a 1-U) across multiple seasons with variable pollen counts. Methods:The response to treatment from 5 pivotal, placebo-controlled trials of grass AIT (n=1793) and from 2 pivotal, placebo-controlled trials of ragweedAIT (n=644)were characterized. For each trial, subjects took daily tablet treatment for at least 8 weeks prior to and during the specific pollen seasons. Rescue medications and symptoms were recorded in eDiaries daily. The total combined daily symptom and medication scores (TCS), daily symptom scores (DSS), and daily medication scores (DMS) were calculated during the entire pollen seasons. Pollen counts were collected during each trial. Results: Seasons with high peak pollen counts generally favored larger treatment effects. Average peak season pollen counts varied between 48 to 106 grains/m3 for grass pollen and from 193 to 227 grains/m3 for ragweed pollen. The average TCS among grass AIT treated subjects and among ragweed AIT treated subjects were reduced by 23% (p<0.001 for between-treatment differences) and 25% (p<0.001) relative to placebo, respectively. However, the effect of treatment varied from 10% to 41% dependent on the season and pollen exposure. In particular, the treatment impact on use of rescue medications increased during more robust pollen seasons, with DMS varying from 20% to 46%. The majority of AEs were mild, local, application- site reactions with no reports of anaphylactic shock. Conclusions: These results provide evidence of a consistent treatment effect of ragweed and grass AIT across multiple seasons. The treatment effect generally had a tendency of being larger in studies with higher pollen counts and longer seasons, but also has been replicated for shorter seasons and lower pollen counts.
Efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets: Subgroup analysis by baseline timothy-specific IGE; Background: In a US SLIT tablet study, eligible patients had at least moderate rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and a positive skin-prick-test to timothy grass. While no inclusion criterion for timothy-specific IgE was pre-specified, serum samples were collected, enabling analysis. Methods: 473 grass pollen allergic adults received SLIT tablet or placebo once-daily, starting 4 months before and throughout the pollen season. Primary efficacy endpoint, daily Combined Score (CS, scale 0-3), integrated symptoms and rescue medication scores. Four subgroups were described: timothy-specific IgE <0.1 kU/L (N=49), ≥0.1 kU/L (N=386), <0.7 kU/L (N=127), and ≥0.7 kU/L (N=308). Results: Overall, during the pollen period, 300IR group showed significant improvement in daily CS vs. placebo of -28.2% (LS mean difference:-0.126
Clinical efficacy of sublingualimmunotherapy in patients with grass pollen induced respiratory allergy symptoms; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy is an alternative route to subcutaneous immunotherapy in adults and may be preferred due to safety and good patient acceptance. Methods: Sixty patients suffering from grass pollen allergy underwent specific immunotherapy with a standardized allergen extract consisting of grass pollens (Sevapharma a.s., Prague, Czechrepublic) administered sublingually for two years. The diagnosis of allergy to grass pollen was made by clinical history, positive skin tests to standardized grass pollen extracts and the presence of allergen specific IgE to grass pollen > class 3. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) used an up-dosing phase and maintenance phase with the maximum dose (10000 JSK, PNU - 10 drops) given 3 times a week. The patients were instructed to keep the drops under the tongue for 1-2 min before swallowing them. Before the start of the grass pollen season, the cumulative dose of allergen extract, received by each patient, was more than 800, 000 JSK. Patients visited the clinic before, during and after the grass pollen season. Daily symptom and medication data were recorded throughout the grass pollen season assessing: itchy eyes, burning eyes, tearing/watery eyes, swollen eyes
Design and Recruitment for the GAP Trial, Investigating the Preventive Effect on Asthma Development of an SQ-Standardized Grass Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet in Children with Grass Pollen-Induced Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a risk factor for asthma development. Treating the underlying allergy may represent an attractive method of asthma prevention. No regulatory guidance exists in this area, and, to our knowledge, no clinical investigations meeting modern regulatory standards have been published. Objective: The objective of this publication is to describe the rationale behind the design of and report on the recruitment for the ongoing pediatric Grazax Asthma Prevention (GAP) trial. Methods: The trial was designed for assessment of the preventive effect of an SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) on asthma development, both during treatment and after the end of treatment. (The standardized quality [SQ] procedure is a standardization procedure comprising 3 components: total potency, major allergen content, and assessment of extract complexity.) The trial design was discussed with several European Competent Authorities. Results: The GAP trial is a multinational, parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized trial. Main eligibility criteria were age of 5 to 12 years, grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, no asthma, and no overlapping symptomatic allergies. The children have been randomized 1:1 to receive the grass AIT or placebo once daily for 3 years, followed by a blinded observational period of 2 years. Asthma is assessed by the investigators according to specific diagnostic criteria, used at screening visits before randomization to exclude children with existing asthma, and evaluated at least half-yearly during the trial. Seven months of screening resulted in 812 randomized children at 101 centers in 11 countries. Conclusions: To our knowledge, the GAP trial represents the first double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized trial to assess the preventive effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy on asthma development. A total of 812 children were successfully recruited into the trial. EudraCT number: 2009-011235-12. © 2011 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy in children; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASI) allows for a treatment and influences on the course of, the allergic, IgE-dependent diseases. ASI induces allergen tolerance resulting in a reduction or disappearance of clinical symptoms of allergy. One hundred years ago, in 1910 exactly, Noon published his landmark study. Since then, the knowledge of its mechanisms, indications for ASI and routes of administration of allergen is systematically being broaden. Currently used forms of allergens allow to minimize serious side effects related to the ASI, which were observed in the initial trials of therapy. This paper presents current views on the pathomechanisms of immunotherapy, rules for an application of immunotherapy and possibility of using ASI in atopic diseases. The main reason for this form of a treatment is inability to eliminate the allergen from patient's environment with a high probability of severe clinical symptoms after contact with the allergen. The best results are achieved in case of hypersensitivity to hymenoptera venom and treatment of allergic rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis and asthma associated with allergy to grass pollen, trees, weeds and dust mites. Treatment of monoallergy gives better results compared to the sensitisation to multiple allergens. For some of the cases, due inability of pharmacotherapy or its ineffectiveness, one could consider usage of ASI for patients with allergy tied with other allergens. Currently this method is not approved for the treatment of food allergy. This paper quotes meta-analysis, carried out in recent years, evaluating the efficiency of the most popular current methods of immunotherapy - subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) - in the treatment of asthma and allergic rhinitis. The publications cited below clearly show that these methods are effective in reducing and eliminating allergy symptoms. This paper presents the latest promising route of administration allergen - percutaneous immunotherapy, particularly beneficial for younger patients. In the era of great advances in medicine, we can expect further improvements of ASI, elimination of serious side effects and widening group of patients eligible for this form of therapy. © Pediatr Med Rodz 2011.
Allergen immunotherapy practice in the United States: Guidelines, measures, and outcomes; To discuss recent issues pertinent to allergen immunotherapy practice in the United States. Allergen extract preparation guidelines, updated allergen immunotherapy practice parameter (AIPP) guidelines, and evolving trends in how immunotherapy outcomes will be measured and assessed. Allergen extract preparation guidelines have been established by 2 entities: the US Pharmacopeia and an American Academy of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology/American College of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology/Joint Council of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology Joint Task Force. Minor differences exist between these guidelines, but both focus on aseptic techniques and require that compounding personnel pass a written examination and annual media fill test. The AIPP third update provides new dosing recommendations for Bermuda grass, imported fire ant, and nonstandardized extracts distinguishing between pollen (0.5 mL of a 1:100 or 1:200 vol/vol) and mold/fungi or cockroach (highest tolerated dose) extracts. Because of limited and sometimes conflicting data on high and low proteolytic-containing extract compatibility, the AIPP continues to recommend against mixing these together. Although the AIPP does not specifically recommend a specific diluent, recent evidence suggests normal saline may not be as effective a stabilizer for extract dilutions as glycerin or human serum albumin. Currently, immunotherapy efficacy is determined with subjective assessments that rely on patient reporting, but this may change as health care reform evolves. It will likely become more important for US allergy/immunology practices to demonstrate immunotherapy comparative-effectiveness and report quality measures. Recent comparative-effectiveness studies have demonstrated the cost-effectiveness of immunotherapy compared with symptomatic drug treatment. © 2011 American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Prediction of IgE-binding epitopes by means of allergen surface comparison and correlation to cross-reactivity; Background: The experimental determination of conformational allergen epitopes recognized by IgE is a difficult task because they often involve discontinuous amino acid residues, being separated in the primary allergen sequence, and require the correct allergen fold. Objective: We sought to develop a computational tool for the localization of conformational IgE epitopes by using a structure-based comparison of allergen surfaces and IgE cross-reactivity data. Methods: Our approach involves the quantitative analysis of geometric and physicochemical surface parameters and the subsequent correlation of surface similarity scores to immunologic data. The software tool Surface comparison-based Prediction of Allergenic Discontinuous Epitopes (SPADE) is able to predict the IgE epitopes of an allergen given the availability of at least 2 structural models and IgE reactivity data. Results: We report on the application of our tool to 3 allergen families: the lipocalins, the group 10 pathogenesis-related proteins, and the group 2/3 grass pollen allergens. First, we succeeded in the partial relocalization of IgE epitopes of bovine β-lactoglobulin and grass pollen Phl p 2 as known from the x-ray structures of their antibody complexes. Second, we measured the relative binding of anti-Bet v 1 IgE to 10 homologous proteins and correlated these data to surface comparison results involving Bet v 1, 5 of the homologs, and 2 hypoallergenic Bet v 1 isoforms. Thereby we predicted IgE-reactive surface portions in agreement with IgE epitope-mapping studies. Conclusion: Our approach is the first for the prediction of IgE epitopes by combining structural and IgE cross-reactivity data. It should be useful for the development of point-mutated or structurally disrupted allergen derivatives for allergen-specific immunotherapy. © 2011 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Specific immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis to grass and tree pollens in daily medical practiceâ€"symptom load with sublingual immunotherapy compared to subcutaneous immunotherapy; Background. Despite strong evidence for subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, comparative data are scarce. Objectives. We performed an individual patient data meta-analysis of four observational studies to compare the effectiveness of both application routes. Methods. After individual analysis, a subsequent analysis of the total data pool was performed. Descriptive and explorative data analysis methods were used. Results. Altogether 847 patients (382 male, 453 female) aged 378 years (mean age 28.3 years) were treated with specific immunotherapy: 665 (78.5%) patients sublingual and 182 (21.5%) subcutaneous. The majority of patients (61.6%) in both treatment groups started specific immunotherapy due to severe rhinitis symptoms which occurred frequently or very frequently. Most patients in both treatment groups had moderate to severe conjunctivitis symptom load which occurred frequently or very frequently. Median rhinitis and conjunctivitis symptom loads decreased during both treatments to the same extent. Similar improvements in the symptom loads were observed in patients stratified for age, disease duration, and presence or absence of mild to moderate asthma. Conclusion. The effectiveness of sublingual and subcutaneous immunotherapy with pollen extracts appeared virtually equal in daily medical routine. Due to the advantageous safety profile, the sublingual application may be favorable. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
The average Adjusted Symptom Score, a new primary efficacy end-point for specific allergen immunotherapy trials; Background In clinical trials, the efficacy of immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms is often evaluated with the average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS). Effective treatment is associated with a lower ARTSS vs. placebo but use of rescue medication to alleviate symptoms reduces the RTSS and decreases the mean difference between active treatment and placebo groups. Objective To develop and describe the average Adjusted Symptom Score (AdSS), a new end-point reflecting symptom severity and rescue medication use in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis trials. Methods To calculate the AdSS, the RTSS is adjusted as follows: if a patient takes rescue medication on day d, the day's AdSS (AdSSd) is defined as the value of RTSSd or AdSSd-1, whichever is higher. The AdSS on the following day (AdSSd+1) is defined as the value of RTSSd+1 or AdSSd, whichever is higher. The average of the daily AdSSs (during the season) was calculated post hoc for two trials investigating the efficacy of five-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in adult and paediatric patients and compared with the ARTSS and three other outcome measures (the average Rescue Medication Score (ARMS), the ARTSS and the average Combined Score). Results The average AdSS clearly discriminated between active and placebo treatments and confirmed the original ARTSS results. Adjustment for rescue medication use decreased the observed placebo effect. Conclusion and Clinical Relevance The average AdSS can be a valuable alternative to the ARTSS as a primary efficacy end-point in grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis trials. By adjusting the RTSS for rescue medication use, the AdSS can estimate symptom severity and the treatment effect more accurately. The AdSS is now being tested prospectively in large clinical trials. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Diagnosis and treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in specialized current clinical practice in Spain; Allergic rhinitis (AR) is the leading cause of consultation at the allergy specialist's office, but detailed, reliable, and validated clinical data on this condition are limited. This study was designed to define the clinical features, diagnostic methods, and therapeutic approaches of patients with AR induced by grass pollen in Spain. Two hundred twelve specialists participated in a multicenter, observational, epidemiologic, questionnaire-based study. Each investigator had to recruit at least two patients consulting for the first time and with a diagnosis of AR induced by grass pollen. Five hundred twenty-four patients (52% men
A national audit of pollen immunotherapy for children in the United Kingdom: Patient selection and programme safety; Background Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is an effective treatment for grass and/or tree pollen-induced severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. However, there are limited detailed data on the use of immunotherapy in children in the United Kingdom. Objectives We audited NHS paediatric practice against current national guidelines to evaluate patient selection, SIT modalities and adverse events (AEs). Methods Paediatricians offering pollen SIT were identified through the British Society of Allergy and Clinical Immunology Paediatric Allergy Group (BSACI-PAG) and the database of SIT providers compiled for the Royal College of Physicians and Royal College of Pathologists 2010 joint working group. Standardized proformas were returned by 12 of 20 centres (60%), including 12 of 14 centres offering subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) (85%). Results Three hundred and twenty-three children, with mean age 11 years at initiation (69% boys), had undergone 528 SIT cycles (SCIT 31%) over 10 years. Fifty-five percent of all patients had asthma. Among SCIT programmes 24.5% patients had perennial (± seasonal) asthma
Sustained 3-year efficacy of pre- and coseasonal 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis affects millions of persons. The efficacy of allergen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was demonstrated in previous short-term studies. Objectives: We sought to evaluate the sustained efficacy of 2 dosing regimens of a pre- and coseasonal treatment with 300 IR (index of reactivity) 5-grass-pollen SLIT tablets (Oralair) compared with placebo assessed by using the average adjusted symptom score (AAdSS) at season 3 in adults with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: Six hundred thirty-three patients were treated for either 2 or 4 months before and then during the grass pollen season with active or placebo treatment for 3 consecutive seasons. The primary outcome was the AAdSS, a symptom score adjusted for rescue medication use, after 3 consecutive treatment seasons. Secondary outcomes were symptoms and rescue medication score, quality-of-life, and safety assessments. Results: The mean AAdSS was reduced by 36.0% and 34.5% at season 3 in the 2- and 4-month pre- and coseasonal active treatment groups, respectively, compared with that in the placebo group (P <.0001 for both). Reductions were observed in total symptom scores and ISSs and the medication score, with a marked improvement in quality of life for both active groups compared with the placebo group at season 3. Most treatment-emergent adverse events were local reactions expected with SLIT, decreasing in number and intensity in each treatment season. Conclusions: Sustained efficacy of 2- and 4-month pre- and coseasonal treatment with the 300 IR tablet over 3 pollen seasons was demonstrated, with reduction in symptoms and rescue medication use. The treatment was well tolerated. Adverse events decreased in number and intensity over the 3 seasons. © 2011 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Maintenance schedule of subcutaneous allergoid immunotherapy more efficacious than pre-seasonal; Pre-seasonal (PS) and maintenance (M) schedules of specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with allergoids are used to treat patients suffering from seasonal allergic rhinitis. Which of them is more profitable? The aim of the study was to compare an efficacy of two schedules of SCIT, PS vs. M. Fifty seven patients included into the study randomly divided into two groups: PS group (n=28) and M group (n=29). Allergovit® 006 - grass pollen (Allergopharma, Germany) was chosen to treat of them. SCIT lasted 3 years. Every year since 1st May-31st August diary cards were fulfilled. Intensity of symptoms (sneezing, nose itching, rhinorrhea, nasal obstruction, eyes itching, lacrymation, eyes reddening, cough and shortness of breath) and concomitant drug consumption were evaluated. Serum total and sIgE were evaluated before and after stopping SCIT. Intensity of a pollination was evaluated every year. Each individual from PS group was injected 30 times and obtained cumulative dose of 86862 SBU, whereas the one from M group - 41injections and 172892 SBU. In 2006 the highest concentration of grass pollen in the air was 197/m3 , in 2007 much higher - 475/m3 , and in 2008 - 247/m3 . The highest intensity of the symptoms in both group were registered in the first season of SCIT (2006). No significant differences between PS and M were found. The intensity of the symptoms decreased in successive years of SCIT, and in M group was more evident. After SCIT the concentration of tIgE and sIgE decreased significantly. Conclusion: Both schedules, PS and M of SCIT with allergoid vaccine are effective in pollinosis patients, but M is more profitable.
Sustained clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with a high-dose grass pollen extract; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with a high-dose 6-grass pollen SingleDose preparation was shown to be effective and safe in a 2-year randomized,double-blind, placebo-controlledtrial. Objective: We evaluated th e effect of the third year of SLIT in comparison to the second year. Methods: 46 grass pollen-allergic patients who had received active treatment for 3 consecutive years were included in the safety set. Diary data from 39 subjects were evaluated to calculate symptom and medication scores as well as 'well days'. Results: Symptoms and medication intake further decreased in the third year of SLIT during the grass pollen season in comparison to the previous years and the number of 'well days' increased accordingly. No serious adverse events occurred during the three years of SLIT. Conclusion: The third year of SLIT with the high-dose 6-grass pollen preparation results in sustained and even further increased clinical efficacy.
Allergen structures and epitopes; Human type 1 hypersensitivity diseases such as allergic rhinoconjunctivitis are characterized by allergen-specific IgE antibodies produced in allergic individuals after allergen exposure. IgE antibodies bound to receptors on the surface of effector cells trigger an allergic response by interacting with three-dimensional (conformational) epitopes on the allergen surface. Crystal structures are available for complexes of antibody specifically bound to five allergens, from birch pollen, bee venom, cockroach, cow's milk and timothy grass pollen. The details of the antibody-allergen interaction extending all the way to atomic resolution are available from such complexes. In vitro investigations using recombinant monoclonal antibodies and human basophils show that binding affinity is a key to triggering the allergic response. Continued molecular characterization of antibody-allergen interactions is paving the way for the use of recombinant allergens in allergen-specific diagnosis and immunotherapy. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Dosing and efficacy in specific immunotherapy; Allergen-specific immunotherapy is used to treat allergic rhinoconjuctivitis and asthma worldwide. The clinical efficacy of the most common routes, subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy, is documented for respiratory allergy by double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised clinical trials (DB PC RCT). However, dose-effect relationships are not available for all extracts. The 1998 WHO Consensus Report on Allergen Immunotherapy found SCIT ineffective at low doses, with high doses more likely to result in an unacceptably high level of systemic reactions. Recent large well-designed DB PC RCTs using SLIT grass pollen tablets have undergone phase II-III studies in adults with allergic rhinitis, yielding proper dose-response studies. These were analysed by the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology Immunotherapy Interest Group task force on dose effect. In general, low doses (5-7 μg of allergen Phl p 5 per day) are ineffective. Daily doses of 15-25 μg of the major allergen protein are required for significant clinical improvement measured by symptom scores. A higher dose (33-40 μg of Phl p 5 per day) was not more effective than 15-25 μg. Optimization of the allergen/adjuvant ratio may allow for lower allergen doses, increase the safety/efficacy profile and allow for shorter updosing. However, our analysis of the available studies concluded that every product requires its own dose-response relationship study. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Safety and tolerability of immunotherapy using various updosing schedules of a new SCIT product with an optimised allergen/aluminium hydroxide ratio; Allergen extracts for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy (SCIT) may be adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide for adjuvant effect and to delay allergen discharge. A product with an optimised allergen-to-aluminium hydroxide ratio enables a lower allergen dose and shorter introduction phase. The new therapeutic product Avanz (ALK, Denmark) has an optimised allergen-to-aluminium hydroxide ratio. A multicentre, randomised, phase II clinical trial evaluated the immunological effects and tolerability of two different five-step updosing schedules for Avanz in 400 patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma, randomised into two groups. Group 1 were administered weekly, and group 2 were administered every 3 to 4 days. After updosing, patients received two maintenance injections after 2 and 4 weeks. In the updosing phase, local and systemic reactions were significantly more frequent in group 2 than group 1. In the maintenance phase, adverse reactions were less common in both groups. No generalised reactions with hypotension or fatal reactions occurred. An increase in allergen-specific immunoglobulin G 4 (IgG4) and IgE antibodies was established one week after the last injection. Avanz is a SCIT product with an optimised allergen-to-aluminium hydroxide ratio that enables a shorter updosing phase. We established an improved safety profile with weekly updosing compared with 3-4-day intervals. Clinical trials are needed to confirm clinical efficacy. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Sustained effects of grass pollen AIT; We report the sustained efficacy of the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet GrazaxÂ (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) from a 5-year randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III trial. Adults with moderate-to-severe grass pollen allergy inadequately controlled by symptomatic medications were followed for 2 years after the completion of 3 years of treatment. The active group demonstrated a 31% reduction in median rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score over the season compared with placebo. Individual symptom scores favoured active treatment. Combined symptom and medication scores demonstrated a 33% reduction in medians with active treatment. Persistent clinical efficacy was accompanied by prolonged increases in allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies and IgE-blocking factor, confirming clinical and immunological tolerance for at least 2 years after the treatment completion. No safety issues were identified during follow-up. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Effect of AIT in children including potential to prevent the development of asthma; Allergy specific immunotherapy may alter the natural course of allergic disease. Thus, it is of significant importance, particularly in paediatric populations. Four studies using the grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children showed good clinical outcomes and good safety profiles. Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis often precedes asthma, and treatment with specific immunotherapy has the potential to reduce the development of asthma in children suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis. Since GrazaxÂ AIT has been shown to induce disease modification the prevention of asthma might be hypothesised. The GAP (GrazaxÂ Asthma Prevention) trial is investigating the asthma preventive effect of standardised grass AIT in grass allergic children with rhinoconjunctivitis without asthma. The trial is a 5-year, multicentre, multinational, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, prospective trial for children aged 5-12 years. In a few years, the results will show if grass AIT with GrazaxÂ can prevent the development of asthma in children suffering from allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Immunotherapy concepts under investigation; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is effective, but used by only 5% of allergy patients, partly because it requires several years. Intralymphatic immunotherapy (ILIT) administers allergen directly into a subcutaneous lymph node and requires only three injections and a lower allergen dose than subcutaneous administration. ILIT was further improved using a recombinant allergen with enhanced uptake and decreased degradation by antigen-presenting cells. Another interesting route is transcutaneous/epicutaneous immunotherapy (TCIT, EPIT), which administers allergen by a skin patch. Clinical trials show that TCIT, EPIT is safe and comparably effective to conventional immunotherapy. Implementation of these new methods would increase the spectrum of SIT options, allowing greater individual choice of SIT. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Immunologic Effects and Tolerability Profile of In-Season Initiation of a Standardized-Quality Grass Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet: A Phase III, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial in Adults with Grass Pollen-Induced Rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The summary of product characteristics of the grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) (Phleum pratense grass pollen allergen extract) states that clinical effect may be observed in the first pollen season of treatment, if treatment is initiated 2 months (8 weeks) before the start of the grass pollen season. However, because patients with grass allergy may first present to physicians during the season, immediate treatment initiation (ie, in-season initiation) may increase treatment compliance and reduce the risk for disease progression compared with asking patients to return before the next pollen season to initiate treatment. This "in-season approach" may offer more patients the potentially beneficial treatment option of specific immunotherapy. However, to date, the immunomodulatory effects and tolerability of in-season treatment initiation is unknown. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the immunologic effects and tolerability of in-season initiation of treatment with the grass AIT. Methods: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was carried out in Germany and Austria. Adults with grass pollen allergy (positive skin-prick test and specific grass-pollen immunoglobulin [Ig] E) and grass pollen-induced moderate to severe persistent rhinoconjunctivitis were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned to receive once-daily grass AIT or placebo, starting during the 2008 grass pollen season and continuing for 8 to 10 weeks. The primary end point was change from baseline in IgE-blocking factor (serum components competing with IgE for allergen binding). Secondary end points included changes from baseline in specific IgE and IgG4 and measures of tolerability (assessed mainly by adverse events [AEs]). Blood samples for immunologic assessment were obtained by the investigators at baseline and after treatment. All AEs observed by the investigator and/or reported by the patient were recorded throughout the trial and follow-up. Results: A total of 276 patients were enrolled and formed the full analysis set (mean age, 35 years
Oralair®: Sublingual immunotherapy for the treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Oralair® is a sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy tablet that was authorized for use in Europe on 26 November 2009 and is currently in Phase III clinical trials in the USA. It is indicated for the management of grass pollen allergic rhinitis with or without conjunctivitis in adults, adolescents and children (above the age of 5) with clinically relevant symptoms, confirmed by a positive cutaneous test and/or a positive titer of the specific IgE to the grass pollen. Treatment is composed of an initiation phase (3-day dose escalation: 100 IR [index of reactivity] on day 1, 200 IR on day 2 and 300 IR on day 3) and a continuation phase at a dosage of 300 IR/day. Treatment is scheduled to start approximately 4 months before the actual start of the pollen season and should be continued throughout the season. The treatment should be prescribed and initiated by an experienced allergy specialist. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Sublingual immunotherapy with natural grass pollen extracts: An appraisal of the evidence; Many clinical studies have demonstrated that sublingual immunotherapy is effective against allergic symptoms, but caution must be exercised with these conclusions because of the wide variation among different studies in, for example, allergen dose used, type of treatment, patient selection and type of outcome measures. In order to overcome the inconsistency between the results of different studies and to assess the magnitude of the treatment effect, we performed a systematic review of double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials of grass pollen-specific immunotherapy for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adults and children. Our conclusions were that sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with grass allergens improves rhinosinusitis symptoms and that it reduces the need for medications compared with placebo in adults. Further studies are needed to define the role of SLIT with grass allergens in children. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Preventing progression of allergic rhinitis: The role of specific immunotherapy; Allergic rhinitis and asthma are examples of allergic airways disease. Despite their differing symptomatology, both disorders affect the mucosal lining of the respiratory tract and are linked by common underlying cellular processes, thus, using the 'united airways' approach, they can be considered part of the same allergic disease. The conditions are often comorbid, and there is evidence to suggest that allergic rhinitis in children is a significant risk factor for subsequent development of asthma. Management strategies that target the underlying cause of allergic rhinitis in children have the potential to offer additional symptom control above that of symptomatic medications, and prevent disease progression. Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only currently available treatment that is proven to target the disease in this way. SIT affects the underlying cause of allergic rhinitis, producing changes in antibody responses to allergens. It has been shown to be effective in the reduction of allergic rhinitis symptoms in both children and adults, with effects being sustained for several years after treatment completion. Furthermore, a number of trials provide evidence that SIT may prevent the development of new sensitisations and asthma in children and adults with allergic rhinitis. One such open-label, randomised controlled study in children/adolescents (the Preventive Allergy Treatment Study) showed that significantly fewer patients who received 3 years of SIT for grass/ birch pollen-induced allergic rhinitis had developed asthma 10 years after treatment initiation versus controls. Some clinical guidelines acknowledge this potential asthma preventive effect in children and the need for additional data from double-blind, placebo-controlled trials to support these findings.
100 years of hyposensitization: History of allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASIT); Hundred years ago, Leonhard Noon and John Freeman published their pioneering works on allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASIT) using grass pollen extracts. To honor their contribution to the development of ASIT as the only causal treatment of IgE-mediated allergies, we review the history of ASIT that started with the anecdotal descriptions of ASIT performed by the ancient king Mithridates (132-63 B.C.) and Jenner's development of a cowpox vaccine. Following Noon's and Freeman's first controlled human trials, ASIT was performed by a large number of modalities and with a myriad of pharmacologic preparations. These developments range from early aqueous pollen extracts and whole bee extracts to chemically modified allergens (allergoids) and various recombinant allergens. In addition to allergen-specific immunotherapy, non-specific immune response modifiers have been used in the past or are in the developmental stage. Also, currently many innovative experimental approaches of ASIT are studied in animal models and human in vitro systems and will hopefully further broaden the range of allergies that can be treated by ASIT, with enhanced efficacy and further reduced side-effects. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Comparison between major histocompatibility complex class II tetramer staining and surface expression of activation markers for the detection of allergen-specific CD4+ T cells; Background Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II tetramers (tetramers) allow to detect allergen-specific CD4+ T cells at a single-cell level. Limits to this technology include HLA restriction and the need to identify immunodominant T cell epitopes. Objective Assessing the expression of various activation markers following allergen stimulation to replace tetramer staining. Methods Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 25 birch pollen, grass pollen or house dust mite allergic individuals were stimulated with peptide mixes encompassing immunodominant epitopes from corresponding major allergens. After 2 weeks of in vitro amplification, cells were stained with both the appropriate tetramer and antibodies directed to CD25, CD30, CD39, CD69, CD137, CD154, GITR, HLA-DR and ICOS, before FACS analysis. Results Following allergen stimulation, percentages of tetramer+ cells among CD4+ CD154+ cells range from 5% to 87%, depending upon donors. As for CD154, a large inter-individual variability is observed in terms of surface expression for all activation markers tested in allergen-stimulated PBMCs. T cells reactive with either tetramers (0.4-10.4% CD4+ T cells) or anti-marker antibodies (2.2-32.7% CD4+ T cells), but not both, are observed, reflecting the presence of anergic as well as non-specifically activated cells. Tetramer+/marker+, tetramer+/marker- and tetramer-/marker+ cells were compared for their capacity to express cytokines, demonstrating that only the former represent bona fide allergen-specific activated CD4+ T cells, based upon a higher expression of cytokines or corresponding genes in presence of the allergen. Conclusion and Clinical Relevance No strict correlation exists between tetramer staining and the expression of multiple activation markers in stimulated CD4+ T cells. Dual staining allows to discriminate functional tetramer+/marker+ vs. anergic (tetramer+/marker-) allergen-specific T cells or non-specifically activated (tetramer-/marker+) T cells. Combining tetramer staining with the detection of activation markers helps understanding patient heterogeneity regarding specific CD4+ T cell responses. This approach has immediate relevance for monitoring immune changes induced during specific immunotherapy. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Importance of ostrya carpinifolia tree pollen exposure in exacerbating seasonal asthma; Background: Several studies demonstrate the impact of grass pollen on precipitating bronchial asthma and increasing admissions to the emergency room. Tree pollen belonging to the Betulaceae family was previously described as cause of asthma symptoms only in North Europe. Among these tree pollens, European hop-hornbeam (Ostrya carpinifolia), highly distributed in our territory, represents an important cause of seasonal symptoms. Its major allergen is a member of the Bet v 1-family. Aim of the study was to evaluate during the year 2010 the influence of seasonal exposure to Ostrya carpinifolia pollen on asthma exacerbations leading to emergency room admission. Methods: Assessment was based on the number of asthma accesses to the emergency room of two of the most important hospitals of our city. Moreover, a group of patients well known to our Allergy Unit for tree pollen asthma were evaluated using Asthma Control Test (ACT), performed monthly for a 6-month period. Daily pollen count was obtained by a weekly pollen trap according to the standard method of the Italian Aerobiology Monitoring Network. Results: The trend of emergency room visits for asthma attacks during the year (350 total cases) demonstrates a consistent peak on April (19.4%) versus an average of 7% during the other months (SD 3.4) Moreover, on April, a decrease of the ACT score with a related increase of the rescue medication use was recorded by our asthmatic patients. Ostrya carpinifolia pollen diffusion reached abruptly particularly high levels (>700 p/m3) during the period 5-25 of April, lacking of overlap with other pollens usually present in this period (Urticaceae). Conclusion: The study confirms the possible role of Ostrya carpinifolia pollen as a relevant cause of acute asthmatic symptoms, based on a significant increase of emergency room admission during the peak pollen period and confirmed by ACT scores of our patients. The aerobiological pollen monitoring permitted to elucidated the primary role of a pollen, sometimes underestimated, as cause of acute asthma. These conclusions must be kept in mind at the moment of prescribe therapy for pollen allergy, particularly specific immunotherapy.
Fas/FasL apoptosis as a marker of ASIT effectiveness in children with a grass pollen allergy; Background: Allergic diseases (AD) accompanied with allergic inflammation - result of insufficiency inflammatory cells elimination. One of the ways of this process is a decreasing of programmed cell death (PCD, apoptosis). Fas/Fasl-apoptosis is a most common pathway of the PCD, which not enough evaluated in diseases, mediated by pollen. Today most effective treatment of pollinosis is a allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASIT). The aim of the study was the assess the changes in Fas/FasL system in children with pollen-mediated allergic rhinitis (AR) and bronchial asthma (BA) under influence of 1 year ASIT. Methods: Children with AR and BA of 5- 18-year-old were examinated before and after different treatment plan. Children were separate in 2 groups. 1st group includes 44 patients, who were treated with ASIT + standart pharmacology drugs (what recommended by ARIA, GINA, PRACTALL). Second group (60 children) were treated only with pharmacomedications. 18 healthy individuals formed control group. Methods includes evaluating of the level of Fas (APO1/CD95) and FasL (CD178) in periferal blood with used of the sCD95 and sCD178 Kits. We are used a solid phase sandwich Enzyme Linked- Immuno-Sorbent Assay (ELISA). Investigation's duration - the seasons of grass pollination (August-September) 2008- 2009. Scheme of ASIT was a standard. For statistic analysis were used the non-parametric methods. Results: Pre-treatment level of Fas was 275.9 (160.9
Alum-formulated vaccines with singlespecies grass pollen extracts and mixtures of extracts from multiple phylogenetically related grass species activate allergic patients' basophils to the same degree; Background: The necessity of complete identity between the sensitizing allergens and allergens used for immunotherapy has been debated. We have previously demonstrated that the effect of individual Derp2 isoforms for basophil activation is minimal, given a polyclonal antibody response (Christensen et al Journal of Immunology (2010) 184, 4966). Similarly, we here demonstrate that vaccines formulated with alum and either extract of grass-pollen from a single species or mixes of extracts of pollen from multiple grass species, respectively, activate basophils from grasspollen allergic individuals to the same extent. Methods: Blood basophils from grass allergic donors or basophils sensitized with IgE from grass allergic donors were incubated with alum-formulated vaccines with either Phleum pratense, a 5-grass (Dac glo, Fes pra, Lol per, Phl pra, Sec cer) or 7-grass mix (Dac glo, Fes pra, Lol per, Phl pra, Poa pra, Arr ela, Sec cer). Activation was measured by flow cytometry. The effect of two different alum formulation differing with respect to allergen:alum ratio were tested. Also extracts of Phleum pratense alone or of grass-pollen extracts from multiple species were compared in basophil activation assays. Results: No differences in the ability of the single grass species (Phleum pratense) vaccine and the 5-species or 7-species mix vaccines, respectively, to activate human basophils from individual donors were seen. The identical response of human basophils to single- and multiple grass species extracts was maintained in both vaccine formulation variants (high- or low allergen: alum ratios, respectively) as well as in un-formulated extracts. Conclusion: Identical responses to singlespecies and multiple-species vaccines and extract mixes in basophil activation assays indicate that allergic individuals' antibody responses are primarily raised against epitopes that are shared between the different but related grass species. Furthermore, the dominance of shared epitopes is maintained after formulation of extract with alum. These observations are in agreement with the confirmed clinically efficacy of single- species (Phleum pratense) grass pollen vaccines, both in subcutaneous and Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet regimens.
Sensitisation to Phleum pratense allergenic molecules (rPhl p1, rPhl p5, rPhl p7, rPhl p12) in grass pollen allergic children; Background: Very few epidemiological studies were performed only in paediatric age, to assess the usefulness of molecular diagnosis based on recombinant allergens in childhood allergies. Methods: Aim of this study was the analysis of the pattern of sensitization to allergenic molecules of Phleum pratense (rPhl p 1, rPhl p 5, rPhl p 7 and rPhl p 12) in 207 children (mean age 9.7 ± 3.6 years) with asthma and/or rhinoconjunctivitis and grass pollen allergy. The correlations of sensitization to these Phleum allergenic molecules with specific grass pollen IgE and its variation according to different ages and different grass pollen IgE levels were evaluated. Results: IgE against to rPhl p 1 were found in 99% (205/207) of patients, to rPhl p 5 in 67% (139/207), to rPhl p 12 in 32% (66/207) and to rPhl p 7 only in 5% (10/ 207). Sensitization only to major allergenic molecules of Phleum pratense was detected in 65% (135/207) of children, while the remaining patients were sensitized to major and minor allergens. Good correlations with statistical significance were observed between timothy grass pollen IgE and IgE against rPhl p 1, rPhl p 5, rPhl p 7, rPhl p 12 and their sum (total Phleum IgE). rPhl p 1 sensitization is detectable at any level of grass pollen IgE, while monosensitization to rPhl p 1 is very important in patients with lower grass pollen IgE levels and it disappears with the increase of grass pollen IgE level. Although rPhl p 5 IgE positivity rises with the increase of grass pollen IgE and becomes the same of rPhl p 1 in patients with higher grass pollen IgE. Sensitization to rPhl 1 seems to appear early (even before the age of 5 years), while rPhl p 5 positivity increases with the rise of the age. Conclusion: Our data shows the predominant role of rPhl p 1 as the most relevant sensitizing allergen detectable at all ages and at all levels of grass pollen IgE, while the importance of rPhl p 5 rises with the increase of patients' age and of grass pollen IgE level. Therefore this study confirms the importance of sensitization for rPhl p 1 in grass pollen allergic patients in paediatric age, in our country, while don't support the use of rPhl p 5 alone, especially in the smaller children, as the only allergenic molecule of Phleum pratense on which to base diagnosis of grass pollen allergy and specific immunotherapy.
Treatment of grass pollen allergy with a patch: A randomised double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial; Background: The need for repeated injections over several years, associated with the risk of systemic allergic side effects, limits the broad application of subcutaneous immunotherapy. Therefore, needle-free epicutaneous immunotherapy might increase treatment acceptance. To find the optimal treatment dose and to demonstrate sustained clinical efficacy and safety of epicutaneous immunotherapy. Method: This monocentric, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial included 132 patients with grass-pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis. In February 2008, patients were randomly allocated to one of the four treatment groups (placebo, 10HEP, 50HEP, 100HEP, n = 33 each). Before and during the pollen season 2008, patients received 6 patches in total. Treatment efficacy was assessed at the end of the pollen season 2008 (n = 110) and after a subsequent treatment-free follow-up year in 2009 (n = 93). Result: A clear dose-dependency of patient self-reported hay-fever symptom alleviation was observed after the follow-up year 2009, reaching statistical significance for the highest treatment-dose group (100HEP) as compared to the placebo group (P < 0.05). Seasonal hay-fever symptom scores were reduced by more than 30% in 2008 in the 100HEP group in comparison to the placebo group. Higher allergen doses were associated with more drug-related adverse events, predominantly presenting as local reactions, such as pruritus, erythma, wheal and eczema. Eleven systemic allergic reactions (grade 0 to 2) needed treatment and led to study exclusion (Adverse event induced drop-out rate: 8.3%). No drug-related serious adverse events were reported. Conclusion: Epicutaneous immunotherapy is not only highly efficacious in a dosedependent manner but also shows a favorable profile.
Efficacy and safety of 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets in adult patients with grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis in United States; Background: Clinical trials in adult and paediatric populations in Europe have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of 300IR SLIT 5-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets for the treatment of grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. This treatment had not previously been assessed in patients in the United States. Method: 473 US grass pollen allergic adults with a Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Scores (RTSS) of ≥12 out of 18 during the previous pollen season were randomized in a DBPC study to receive 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet, or placebo, once-daily starting 4 months before the pollen season. The primary efficacy endpoint was the daily Combined Score (CS, scale 0-3), which integrates symptoms and rescue medication use. The secondary endpoints were the Adjusted Symptom Score (AdSS, which adjusts the RTSS for rescue medication use), individual Rhinoconjunctivitis Symptom Scores (RSSs) and safety. Result: The 300IR group showed an improvement in daily CS versus placebo of 28.2% (relative difference in LS Means
Efficacy of sublingual allergen immunotherapy tablets on individual symptom scores in adults with grass polleninduced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Common symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis include rhinorrhea, nasal congestion, sneezing, nasal, ocular pruritus and watery eyes. The 300IR five-grass pollen sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet has shown to provide single-season symptom relief in grass-pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients. The present long-term study aimed to demonstrate the treatment's sustained efficacy. Method: 633 adults were included in a 3- year Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled phase III trial. Patients were randomized to placebo or 1 of 2 active groups, receiving each year pre and coseasonal treatment starting either 4 or 2 months prior to the pollen season. Four nasal and two ocular symptoms were scored daily on a scale ranging from 0 (no symptoms) to 3 (severe symptoms). Here is reported results from the secondary analysis on the 6 individual Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Symptom Scores (ARSSs) over the 3rd pollen season. Result: Over the 3rd pollen season, significant improvement was observed for all ARSSs. All nasal symptom scores were significantly lower versus placebo and as example for nasal congestion: the relative LS Means difference versus placebo were )42.9% (P = 0.0001) and )36.2% (P = 0.0011) in the 4 and 2 months pre and coseasonal treatment groups, respectively. The two ocular symptoms were also significantly improved compared with placebo giving respectively a relative LS Means difference versus placebo of )44.3% (P = 0.0014) and )47.4% (P = 0.0007) for ocular pruritus and )34.5% (P = 0.0002) and )34.0% (P = 0.0003) for watery eyes. These benefits were apparent in the first season and increased season after season during the 3 seasons of treatment. Conclusion: The sustained efficacy over a three-year period of 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet with a pre and coseasonal treatment was demonstrated. The treatment was effective on multiple allergic symptoms (including nasal congestion) of rhinoconjunctivitis.
Direct comparison between continuous and co-seasonal regimen for sublingual immunotherapy in children with grass allergy. A randomised controlled study; Background: Pre-seasonal, pre-coseasonal and continuous regimens of immunotherapy have been proposed, but their efficacy was never compared. We compared the clinical efficacy of a continuous and a coseasonal SLIT for grass allergy over 3 years. Methods: Children with rhinitis/asthma due to grass were randomised to SLIT given continuously (all year long) or coseasonally. The treatment started in October 2005 in the continuous SLIT group and in march 2006 in the coseasonal group Diary cards for clinical symptoms (from 0 = none to 3 = severe) and drug intake were recorded form march to june in 2005 (baseline), 2006 2007 and 2008. Specific IgE and IgG4 were evaluated every year. Results: Eighty children (age range 8-16) were randomised and 72 completed the study. In the first year, the symptom + medication score improved by 44% in the continuous group and by 20% in the coseasonal group (P = 0.04). Symptoms, chest symptoms and drug intake separately showed a greater decrease versus baseline in the continuous group. In the second year the global score decreased in both groups with no significant difference, whereas symptom score decreased more in the continuous group. In the 3rd year, there was no difference in clinical parameters between the two groups. Specific IgG4 were significantly higher versus baseline since the 1st year in the continuous group and since the 2nd in the coseasonal group. Conclusion: In grass pollen allergy the continuous regimen is more effective than the coseasonal in the first season, whereas in the subsequent years the two regimens are nearly equivalent.
High-dose hypoallergenic grass pollen preparations for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy: Fast onset of efficacy and long-term effects for up to 12 years after termination; Background: The main aim of SIT is to induce clinically beneficial changes in the immune response to allergens, the persistent effect of which can only be demonstrated in long-term clinical studies (EMA Guideline on the clinical development of products for specific immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic diseases (20 Nov 2008)). Therefore different claims for efficacy are possible, depending on study duration: (i) treatment of allergies (efficacy in first pollen season)
Efficacy and safety of SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in European and North American adults; Background: Grass allergy immunotherapy tablets (AITs) are used to treat (northern) grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in patients suffering from moderate to severe pollen allergy inadequately controlled by symptomatic medication. Environmental and geographic variation may impact immunotherapy treatment outcomes. Safety and efficacy of grass AITs have been evaluated both in European (EU) and North American (NA) adults with grass allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Method: Two separate trials, both randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials with 1 : 1 randomisation (AIT: Grazax, 75 000 SQ-T / 2800 BAU, Phleum pratense, ALK, Denmark, or placebo) were conducted. Subjects included were adults (18-65 years of age) with a clinical history of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis and diagnosed with a positive skin prick test and specific IgE test to grass pollen. The NA trial included a baseline observational grass pollen season, and both trials included approximately 16 weeks of pre-seasonal as well as seasonal treatment. Primary outcome measures included daily rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores, quality of life, immunological measures, and adverse events. Result: The EU trial included 634 and the NA trial 438 subjects. The severity of the grass pollen season differed between the two trials with Europe having the most robust grass pollen season. Both trials met their primary endpoint. The total combined symptom and medication score was significantly reduced in the AIT group compared to placebo in both trials [EU: 33% reduced (P < 0.001)
During nasal challenge test with aqueous phleum pratense, measurements of nasal peakflow and total nasal symptom score are normalised 6 H post challenge; Background: Nasal challenge with aqueous Phleum pratense may be used to asses the severity of allergic rhinitis in grass allergic patients, and to monitor the clinical effect of specific immunotherapy (SIT). However, highly standardized procedures for the allergen provocation and well defined readouts for the clinical assessment have to be established, before nasal challenge can be used in future clinical development programs for SIT. Methods: In 40 patients with hayfever and a skin prick test verified grass pollen allergy (Phleum pratense, timote) without current asthma and airway hyper responsiveness (15%) to inhaled Mannitol, where challenged with 10.000 SQ-U of ALK 225 Aquagen Phleum pratense using the Aptar BiDose system. The BiDose system delivers exactly 100 ll in two doses (5.000 SQ-U pr. dose), one to each nostril. Before the allergen was administered, the inner anatomy of nose was inspected, using standard instruments (speculum and headlamp), in order to identify patology as well as abnormal anatomy. None of the patients had abonormal anataomy and/or pathology, and therefore the doses were applied through each nostril, aiming at the medial lacrimal caruncle away from the septum. The dose of 5.000 SQ-U to each nostril, was based on clinicians experience, in order to assure sufficient symptoms. Nasal Peakflot (NPF) and total nasal symptom score (TNSS) where measured pre challenge, 30 min post and 6 h post. Results: All patients had onset of symptoms <5 min after the provocation, and symptoms where both severe and well developed within 10 min. TNSS pre challenge averaged 0.5 (scale: 0-12), 30 min post 7.8 and 6 h post 2.5. NPF pre challenge averaged 113 L/min, 30 min post 48 L/min and 6 h post 106 L/min. Mean comparison of TNSS pre versus post 30 min. was significantly different (P < 0.000) as well as TNSS pre versus post 6 hrs. (P < 0.000). Mean comparison of NPF pre versus post 30 min. was significantly different (P < 0.000), however NPF pre versus post 6 hrs was not (P = 0.206). Conclusions: All patients had severe symptoms from both nostrils, indicating that a sufficient provocation dose was used and a successful bilateral dose application was performed. Rhinitis symptoms induced by the challenge, are almost fully withdrawn in about 6 h post challenge, when measured using TNSS and NPF. NPF return to pre challenge values faster than TNSS.
Consistency of short-and long-term clinical trials results with 300 IR five-grass pollen tablets; Background: A total of 1539 patients with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were included in two short-term and one long-term European DBPC trials. The efficacy of once daily pre and coseasonal allergen immunotherapy with 300 IR five-grass pollen tablets was demonstrated with good safety profile, in adult and pediatric populations. Method: The treatment efficacy over the pollen period was assessed by the improvement in the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) in the short-term studies and the improvement in the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS, a score that integrates the symptoms and rescue medication use) in the long-term study. Post hoc analyses were performed on data from the short-term studies with the AAdSS. Individual symptom scores and safety were studied as secondary endpoints in all trials. Result: The adjusted mean improvements in the AAdSS versus placebo were 30.2% and 28.2% in the short-term adult and paediatric studies respectively. This improvement reached 34.5% over the 3rd pollen season of the long term adult study in patients who received a 4-month preand co-seasonal treatment scheme. Large improvement was also noted in all individual symptoms (especially nasal congestion and ocular symptoms) in adults and children. The majority of patients in active groups showed lower symptom scores from the first pollen season onwards. The treatment was well tolerated. Adverse events were mostly localised at site of administration and of mild-to-moderate in intensity. Conclusion: The efficacy and safety of a 300 IR five-grass pollen tablet in a pre and coseasonal treatment was demonstrated in two short-term adult and paediatric studies and in a long-term adult study. These results support the use of the 300 IR fivegrass pollen tablet in clinical practice in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
Relationship between allergic disease severity and efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablets for sublingual immunotherapy; Background: In single-season studies, 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablets has been shown to be safe and effective in adults and children with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. The present 5- year study evaluated the sustained efficacy and safety of pre and coseasonal treatment with five-grass pollen SLIT tablets administered over the first three pollen seasons. Method: Six-hundred and thirty-three adults were included in a DBPC Phase III study over three consecutive seasons. Patients were randomized to a placebo group or 1 of 2 active groups, receiving each year pre and coseasonal treatment starting either 4 or 2 months prior to the pollen season. Use of rescue medication was permitted. The primary endpoint was the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS) over the 3rd pollen season. The relationship between disease severity observed during the season and the treatment effect was investigated by pooling centres in three subgroups of equal size and according to their mean AAdSS in the placebo group. Result: Four hundred and fifty-seven patients completed the 3rd study year. In the 3rd pollen period, mean ± SD AAdSS was 5.28 ± 3.942 in the placebo group and 3.38 ± 3.210 and 3.46 ± 3.625 in the 2 and 4 months preseasonal treatment groups, respectively. The relative mean difference vs placebo for the AAdSS in the low, moderate and high level of symptoms tertiles of the 2 and 4 months pre and coseasonal treatment groups were (+5%
Allergy to subtropical grass pollens compared with temperate grass pollen in patients with allergic rhinitis from a subtropical region; Background: Grass pollens are major triggers of allergic rhinitis and asthma. Treatment of grass pollen allergy by immunotherapy reduces the risk of asthma but most reagents for diagnosis and immunotherapy are based on pollens of cool climate grasses. We aimed to determine the frequency of allergic sensitization to temperate and subtropical grass pollens in patients living in a subtropical region and to assess IgE cross-reactivity amongst different grass pollens. Method: Sensitization by skin prick testing and IgE reactivity with pollen of subtropical Bahia (Paspalum notatum), Johnson (Sorghum halepense) and Bermuda (Cynodon dactylon) grasses compared with pollen of temperate Ryegrass (Lolium perenne) were tested in 58 healthy control donors, 47 grass pollen-allergic donors, 33 donors with equivocal grass pollen-allergy and 33 donors with sensitivity to allergens other than grass pollen. Result: Patients with grass pollen allergy from a subtropical region showed higher sensitization to Bahia and Bermuda than to Johnson and Ryegrass pollens. The level of IgE reactivity was slightly but significantly higher with pollen of Bahia than Bermuda, Johnson and Ryegrass. There was a greater correlation between IgE reactivity with subtropical grass pollens than between subtropical and Ryegrass pollen. Cross-inhibition ELISA revealed species-specific-IgE reactivity with the different grass pollens
Efficacy and safety of SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in European and North American children and adolescents; Background: Grass allergy immunotherapy tablets (AITs) have been available in Europe since 2006 and are in development for North American (NA) markets. Grass AIT is indicated to treat patients with moderate to severe grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis whose allergy is inadequately controlled by symptomatic medication. Here, results from the European (EU) and NA phase III trials in children and adolescents are discussed. Method: Both trials were randomised, double- blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials with 1 : 1 randomisation (AIT: Grazax, 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, Phleum pratense, ALK, Denmark, or placebo). Subjects included were children and adolescents (5-17 years of age) with a clinical history of (northern) grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis and diagnosed with a positive skin prick test and specific IgE test to (northern) grass pollen. Subjects with allergic symptoms caused by other allergens than grass pollen during the grass pollen season were excluded. Outcome measures included symptom and medication scores (total combined and average daily), global evaluation/rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life (RQLQ), immunological measures, and adverse events. Result: The EU trial included 253 and the NA trial 344 subjects. Both trials met their primary endpoints. The total combined symptom and medication score was significantly reduced compared to placebo in both trials (EU trial: 24% reduced (P = 0.0216)
Recruitment for a trial investigating the preventive effect on asthma of an SQstandardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The Grazax Asthma Prevention (GAP) trial is designed to investigate whether the documented disease-modifying effect of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense, 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) results in a preventive effect on development of asthma in children with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. This presentation describes the recruitment strategy and results. Method: The GAP trial is a randomised, placebo-controlled, parallel-group doubleblind, multicentre, multinational trial. The trial runs over 5 years with 15 visits. Main eligibility criteria were age 5-12 years with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and no asthma nor overlapping allergies. The children were to be randomised 1 : 1 to receive either grass AIT or placebo once daily for 3 years, followed by an observational period of 2 years. We planned to screen 1000 children before the start of the grass pollen season 2010. This was designed to allow at least 620 children to be randomised. A steering committee with focus on recruitment was formed comprising investigators from different countries, and a recruitment plan was made for each country. Plans were adjusted based on successes of the different approaches and the experiences gained in each country and shared in the steering committee. Recruitment tools included community advertising, media exposure, clinic lists/ databases, information meetings, study fliers, investigator-focused actions, professional networking and advertising at symposia and through paediatrician societies and patient organisations. Later additions were initiation of an additional country and extension of the window for the first visit. Results: First subject was screened on 24 November 2009. The recruitment rate varied over time and geographically, some countries showed a steady rate whereas the rate increased for others after employment of a specific recruitment tool or as the grass pollen season neared. The screening target was met on 21 June 2010 resulting in 812 randomised children distributed over 101 centres in 11 countries. Conclusion: The challenging task of screening 1000 grass pollen-allergic children for possible recruitment into a 5-year trial was successfully handled by applying countryand centre-specific recruitment tools, adjusted on an ongoing basis with experience shared between all countries.
Safefy of cluster schedule for immunotherapy in allergic rinithis or asthma in children sensitised to grass pollen; Background: Conventional immunotherapy requires a long up dosing phase, so is necessary investigate about other schedules To determine the safety of three cluster schedules with subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), in children with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass pollen. Method: Ninety two patients, aged 5- 14 years (38 female and 54 male) with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to pollen were included in open label prospective trial in a 2 years period (2008-2010), Grass pollen allergy was confirmed by clinical history, skin prick test and serum specific IgE. Patients received grass pollen SCIT in a cluster schedule
Safety of cluster immunotherapy with subcutaneous allergoid high-dose of pollen; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only treatment able to change the natural history of the disease. Studies of efficacy and safety of allergoid high doses of pollen with a conventional schedule have already been carried out. The most relevant immunological changes in SIT are in a direct relation to getting faster to maximum doses. Objective: To evaluate the safety and tolerance of a cluster schedule (CS) with allergoid high doses of pollen in a sample of pollen-allergic patients with rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) and / or asthma (A). Method: Materials and methods: A total of 56 patients (31 females and 25 males) aged between 9 and 52 years with a mean of 32.6 ± 11.4 referred to our department were included in the study. The distribution of allergic disease involved RC (29) and RC /A (27). They were administered subcutaneously allergoid Allergovit Alllergopharma Laboratory (49 patients 100% grass, 3 patients 100% olive and 4 patients olive + grass) A total of 309 doses were administered from July 2009 until November 2010. We designed the following cluster schedule: DATE VIAL DOSE TIME Day 1 A 0.4 cc 60 min 0.4 cc 60 min Day 7 B 0.3 cc 60 min 0.3 cc 60 min Day 14 B 0.6 cc 60 min MAINTENANCE: 0.6 cc of vial B monthly. Result: Results: Forty-six patients (82%) had no adverse effect. Eight had delayed systemic reaction (DSR) grade 1 and 2 (2 patients asthma and 6 urticaria) and six had delayed local reactions (DLR). There was no immediate systemic reaction. Of all the doses administered (309), 95% (295 doses) showed no reaction, eight (2.5%) had DSR and six (2%) had DLR. The two patients who had late asthma have been diagnosed with persistent non-seasonal asthma. Of the 8 patients with RSD, five have been diagnosed as RC/A and three as RC. As for patients with DLR four have been diagnosed with RC and two with RC /A. All patients tolerated 0.6 cc of vial B monthly but for one that quit SIT. Conclusion: Conclusions: In our sample this cluster schedule has been well tolerated. There has been no anaphylactic reaction. Systemic reactions have been late and easily controlled. For now, these schedules should be controlled by an allergist.
Considerable 6 years post treatment long-term effect of pre-seasonal subcutaneous specific immunotherapy (SCIT) with a high-dose hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation; Background: Pre-seasonal SCIT with a high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation has previously been shown to be efficacious and safe in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (2002-2003). During the third year of active treatment (2004) continuous improvement was observed. Within the framework of a long-term follow-up survey we prospectively investigated efficacy, disease specific Quality of Life during the grass pollen season and skin prick test sensitivity in 2010 6 years after completion of SCIT. Method: 21 patients (6 males, 15 females, mean age of 36.8 years in 2002), who had been actively treated with 3 pre-seasonal courses of SCIT with Allergovit 6-Grasses were included (Full Analysis Set). Patients recorded their rhinoconjunctivitis and lower airways symptoms and their use of rescue medication, which by combination yielded a symptom-medication score (SMS). Rhinoconjunctivitis specific Quality of Life was assessed using a standardized questionnaire (RQLQ). The skin prick test (SPT) sensitivity to various seasonal and perennial allergens was assessed. Result: Grass pollen exposure in the 6 weeks observation period was similar in the gras pollen season of the last treatment year 2004 (925 grains/m3) and 6 years after the end of treatment in 2010 (1042 grains/ m3). The median AUC of the SMS, which had been largely improved during SCIT to 148.0 score points in 2004, remained comparably low (127.0 score points) in 2010. Six years after cessation of SCIT patients recorded 79% of days in the grass pollen season as 'well days' (days with a symptom score ≤4 and without use of rescue medication). In addition, disease-specific Quality of Life remained constantly high with a mean RQLQ score of 0.9 points in 2004 and 1.1 in 2010. Six years after the end of treatment 35% of patients did not show any new sesitization in the SPT. Conclusion: SCIT with the high-dose hypoallergenic 6-grass pollen preparation achieved a long-term effect on allergic symptom-medication score and Quality of Life in adults for at least six post treatment years. The results confirm the earlier report of long-term effects of this preparation in children for up to12 years post treatment.
Safety and tolerability of SQstandardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: Post hoc analysis of seven clinical trials; Background: Allergy immunotherapy tablets (AIT) may provide a safer and more convenient alternative to subcutaneous specific immunotherapy treatment. Here, safety data from 1 phase II/III and six phase III clinical trials [five in adults, two in children (5-17 years)] conducted with grass AIT (Grazax, Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) in Europe and North America are discussed. Method: All trials were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials. Subjects had grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma, positive skin prick test and specific IgE against Phleum pratense. Subjects received once-daily sublingual treatment with grass AIT or placebo for approximately 24 weeks. The five adult trials comprised 2096 subjects and the two children trials comprised 598 subjects. Adverse events were monitored in all trials and assessed by the investigator as treatment related (possible or probable) or unlikely related. Result: In adult trials, 70% of AIT-treated subjects reported treatment-related adverse events compared to 23% for placebo. In children trials corresponding numbers were 62% for AIT and 27% for placebo subjects. Most treatment-related adverse events were mild or moderate (≥96%), transient, local, application site reactions [adults: oral pruritus (39%), throat irritation (21%), ear pruritus (14%)
SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment did not result in asthma worsening in subjects with allergic grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis with or without seasonal asthma; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (AR) and asthma are co-morbid conditions and specific immunotherapy is the only treatment with the potential to treat both diseases simultaneously and to prevent disease progression. In this abstract, asthmarelated safety data of a grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) are presented. Method: All trials included subjects with grass pollen AR with or without diagnosed seasonal asthma. Subjects with uncontrolled asthma were excluded. Safety data were pooled from five adult and two paediatric randomised, placebo-controlled trials with the SQ-standardised grass AIT (Grazax, phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/ 2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark), comprising 2096 adults (five phase II/III trials) and 598 children 5-17 years of age (Two phase III trials). Asthma-related adverse events (AEs) were captured both in the e-diary as asthma symptoms and recorded as AEs. The frequencies of events were compared between the active treatment and placebo groups in sub-groups of subjects with and without diagnosed asthma. The selected adverse events were: asthma, dyspnea, wheezing, cough, chest tightness or discomfort, and exercise-induced symptoms. Result: In adults diagnosed with asthma (n = 516) there were fewer reports of asthma-related AEs in the grass AIT group (59.6%) than in the placebo group (66.8%)
Allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy for patients with grass pollen induced respiratory disease; Background: Traditionally, immunotherapy has been administered subcutaneously. The development of immunotherapy as sublingual drops has provided a safer and more convenient alternative to the subcutaneous route. Method: Sixty patients suffering from grass pollen allergy manifesting as rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma underwent specific immunotherapy with a standardized allergen extract consisting of grass pollens (Sevapharma
Allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy in patients season respiratory allergy symptoms; Background: The prevalence of allergic asthma and rhinitis is increasing worldwide and is a growing medical, social and economic problem. Grass pollen is one of the most common causes of respiratory allergies. The therapeutic management of allergy currently involves: allergen avoidance, symptomatic medication and specific immunotherapy. Only specific immunotherapy targets the underlying disease. Traditionally, immunotherapy has been administered subcutaneously. The development of immunotherapy as sublingual drops has provided a safer and more convenient alternative to the subcutaneous route. Methods: Sixty patients suffering from grass pollen allergy underwent specific immunotherapy with standardized allergen extract consisting of grass pollens (Sevapharma a.s., Prague, Czechrepublic) administered sublingually for one year. The diagnosis of allergy to grass pollen was made by clinical history, positive skin tests to standardized pollen extract-Grass mixture 1, Grass mixture 2, Pollinare mixtum and the presence of specific IgE to the mixture of grass pollens with class 3 as minimum value. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) involved a build-up or induction or updosing phase and maintenance phase with the maximum dose (10000 JSK, PNU-10 drops three times in the week). Results: It was found that SLIT is tffective according to subjective clinical parameters and drug consumption, with a highly significant reduction of symptoms and drug intake favoring sublingual administration where a reduction of more than 60% was achieved. Adverse effects were limited to a small number of mild local reactions. Conclusion: These results confirm the efficacy of grass pollen SLIT drops for adults with rhinoconjunctivitis, asthma, already demonstrated for the whole pollen season, for the peak pollen period when symptoms are more severe.
Validation of an in house-development ELISA for the quantification of Phl p 5; Background: The quantitative measurement of relevant allergens of an allergen extract is essential to ensure the quality of the extracts used in the diagnosis and immunotherapy and their content should be measured by validated assays according the “Guideline on allergen products: production and quality issues” (CHMP/BWP/ 304831/2007). We have developed a sandwich ELISA to quantify the allergen grass group 5. The aim of this study is to demonstrate that the method is valid for the quantification of Phl p 5 in grass pollen extracts. Method: The developed ELISA based on two monoclonal antibodies (10B1-10C12) used as capture and biotin-labelled specific rabbit polyclonal serum for detection. The studied analyte was an extract from Phleum pratense pollen and the allergen content was calculated using purified nPhl p 5 as standard. The studied parameters were specificity, repeatability, intermediate precision, accuracy, and limit of quantification. Result: The assay was dose-dependent with a sigmoid curve when plotted on a semilogarithmic scale. The linear portion of the standard curve was found in the range 0.16-1.25 ng/ml, with a regression coefficient of 0.99. The inter-assay and intraassay coefficients of variation (CV) were in all cases <20%. The dose-response curves obtained with Phl p 5 were parallel to those obtained with the pollen extracts. The CV of the percentage of Phl p 5 calculated for the analysis of repeatability in 10 curves of the extract analyzed on the same plate was 6.4%. The P-value linked to the factors discussed in the intermediate precision indicated that neither factor had a statistically significant effect on the outcome of the assay, with a confidence level of 95%. It fulfilled the requirement of accuracy since the texp = 1.791 calculated for the recovery test was less than the ttab. The limit of quantifications were 0.16 ng/ml for Phl p 5 and of 6.25 ng/ml for the extract and fulfilled in both cases the requirements of precision with a maximum CV of 4.9% and accuracy with a maximum relative error of 9.9%. Conclusion: The developed ELISA system is suitable for quantification of Phl p 5 and provides consistent and repetitive results that meet the specifications.
Allergen-specific modulation of allergic immune responses with low doses of timpol preparations in an experimental IgE-mediated murine model of asthma; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASIT) is an etiology-based treatment for respiratory allergic diseases. Timpol is an allergovaccine prepared by conjugation of chemically modified timothy grass pollen extract (G6) with immunomodulator Polyoxidonium (PO). It was shown that ASIT with high doses of Timpol reduced sensitization to G6. This study was performed to investigate the possibility to modulate of allergic immune response with low doses of Timpol using IgE-mediated murine model of asthma (MMA). Methods: Female BALB/c mice were sensitized by seven i.p. injections on the other day with G6 in dose equivalent to 1 mg/kg of protein. Since day 35 animals were challenged with eight daily intranasal applications (IA) of 50 ll solution of G6 in concentration equivalent to 10 mg/ml of protein. Between sensitization and IA mice were treated (ASIT) with 13 s.c. injections on the other day as follows: group 1- with saline
A phase I clinical trial with SCIT vaccines from timothy grass pollen extracts according to the new EMA guidelines; Background: There are only a few published studies covering phase I clinical trials of allergen immunotherapy and most of them belong to sublingual preparations. In June 2009 a new EMA Guideline concerning clinical development of products for specific immunotherapy for the treatment of allergic diseases came into force (CPMP/EWP/18504/2006) recommending that early studies should be done under a phase I format to test different doses to provide preliminary data on safety and tolerability with regard to the maximum tolerated dose and a suitable dose escalation scheme. Method: A single centre phase I randomised double blind placebo controlled study of subcutaneous immunotherapy in adult subjects (18 to 60 years) with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis ± asthma sensitised to Phleum pratense pollen was carried out. A total of 42 patients were enrolled. The principal variable of the study was the number and seriousness of both local and systemic adverse reactions. Secondary clinical end points included immunoglobulin determination: specific IgE, total IgG and IgG4 and dose-response prick test. Three different build up phase schedules were assayed, one involving six injections on a weekly basis (A), another one of eight injections (B) and a clustered administration of four double injections (C). Each group included 14 patients. Concentrations ranged from 10 to 1.000 TSU/ml. Result: Group A administrations gave rise to 26 local reactions and 4 systemic reactions (1 graded I and 3 graded II). Group B showed 35 local and 8 systemic (2 graded I and 1 graded II) reactions. Finally, group C patients experienced 20 local and 9 (5 graded I and 4 graded II) systemic reactions. None of the local events recorded were considered large reactions. Following injections with Timothy pollen extracts allergen specific IgE, IgG and IgG4 increased and skin reactivity to P. pratense was reduced. All schedules allowed reaching the dose of 500 TSU per injection that could be established as maximum tolerated dose. None of the patients discontinued treatment throughout the study. Conclusion: SCIT vaccines containing P. pratense depot extracts have shown a very good safety and tolerability profile and efficacy in terms of humoral and doseresponse prick test. Among the administration schedules used, Group A has shown a better tolerability and efficacy profile compared to Groups B and C.
Clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in seasonal allergic asthma; Background: The evaluate of efficacy of sublingual allergen specific immunotherapy (SLIT) in seasonal allergic asthma (SAA) have been performed predominantly by short-term studies in monosensitised patients. The aim of the study was to investigate short-term clinical effects of SLIT added to treatment with medical therapy (MT) in comparation to MT only in patients with SAA polisensitised to grass and ragweed pollen. Method: The prospective (randomized and controlled) study covered 17 adolescent and adult patients with mild to moderate severe SAA (with or without seasonal allergic rhinitis) induced by hypersensitivity to grass and ragweed pollen, indicated to SLIT. The experimental group was composed of 10 patients subjected to precoseasonal SLIT (antiallergic biologically standardized vaccines, sublingual drops) and MT, while seven adequate matched patients on MT only served as controls. The clinical efficacy of SLIT was evaluated by the symptom-drug (diary card) score (SDS) measurement, skin prick test (SPT) and non-specific bronchial hyperactivity (NBH) measurement (nonspecific bronchial provocation test by metacholine), before initiation of SLIT and 1 year later (in pollen season and after pollen season). Results: The SDS were significantly reduced in patients subjected to SLIT (P < 0.01) 1 year after the onset it. SPT to grass and ragweed pollen also was significantly reduced (P < 0.05) but NBH did not change. In patients receiving MT only, SDS was also significantly reduced (P < 0.01), but significantly higher (P < 0.05) from the value obtained in the experimental group. SPT and NBH remained unchanged and significantly higher (P < 0.05) then in experimental group. Conclusion: SLIT added to MT is clinically effective in patients with seasonal allergic asthma polisensitised to grass and ragweed pollen.
The effect of preseasonal grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy on basophil CD203c expression; Background: Short-term preseasonal immunotherapy has shown to be effective in pollinosis. To the best of our knowledge, there were no published studies that evaluate the impact of the allergoid immunotherapy on CD203c expression of basophils. We sought to assess the impact of preseasonal grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy on basophil CD203c expression and its clinical efficacy in patients with grass pollen related allergic rhinitis. Method: In this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 31 patients with allergic rhinitis sensitized only to pollens (confirmed by compatible history, and skin prick tests) received either grass pollen allergoids in a preseasonal immunotherapy protocol (n = 16) or placebo injections (n = 15). CD203c expressions were measured using flow cytometer after in-vitro stimulation with four different concentrations of grass pollen extract. The concentrations of the allergen extracts were expressed as the content of the major allergen Phl p 5. Basophil activation tests via CD203c were carried out immediately before and after the preseasonal immunotherapy/ placebo periods and at the peak pollen season. Symptom free days, medication free days and average visual analogue scores during the pollen season were compared to evaluate clinical efficacy. Result: The changes from baseline values (CD203c) were significantly different between the two groups after in-vitro stimulation with 4.5 10-4 μg/ml, 4.5 10-5 μg/ ml Phl p 5 (P < 0.05). The CD203c expressing activated basophil percentages after in-vitro stimulation with 4.5 10-4 μg/ ml, 4.5 10-5 μg/ml Phl p 5 significantly decreased compared to baseline in the immunotherapy group (P < 0.025). There were no significant differences in the CD203c expressing activated basophil percentages compared to baseline in the placebo group (P > 0.025). Symptom free days were significantly higher and average visual analogue scores were significantly lower in the immunotherapy group (P < 0.05). Medication free days were similar between the two groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: This study indicates that preseasonal short course allergoid immunotherapy is an effective method in reducing symptoms of grass pollen related allergic rhinitis. Furthermore, a suppressive effect of the administered immunotherapy protocol was detected on the CD203c expression of activated basophils.
Predicting treatment response after one course of short term immunotherapy adjuvanted with Monophosphoryl lipid A; Background: After several years of specific immunotherapy (SCIT) there is an increase in specific bronchial tolerance. Aim of the study was to find biomarkers predicting a favourable treatment response already after one course of short-term immunotherapy with Monophosphoryl lipid A (Pollinex Quattro). Method: 22 children were included in the study (19 male, average 10.8 years). In bronchial allergen challenge (BAP) all had a drop in FEV1 of >20% (mean 32.8%) before treatment. All patients received a short-term SCIT for grass pollen. 4 weeks and one year after the first treatment cycle BAP was repeated. According to the results patients were divided into treatment responders and non-responders. Biomarkers collected before SIT were evaluated in order to predict a favourable treatment response. Result: Four weeks after the first treatment cycle n = 11 children showed an improvement in BAP with a drop in FEV1 < 20% (drop out n = 3). One year after treatment n = 7 children still had a favourable treatment response. The analysis of baseline biomarkers showed significant higher levels of specific IgE for grass pollen in nonresponders (P < 0.01) and lower IgG4 antibody levels (5.05 versus 11.7 U/ml) after one year. In addition, responders showed an increase of blocking IgG4 antibodies of 119% (non-responders 5%). The only significant marker for a favourable short-term treatment response after 4 weeks was a lower eNO at baseline (P < 0.05). No differences could be seen in baseline age, FEV1, total IgE and bronchial hyperresponsiveness in methacholine challenge. Conclusion: The majority of our patients showed a significantly positive effect on bronchial tolerance 4 weeks after treatment. This effect was weakened 1 year after treatment and encourages the continuation of SCIT for a second and third cycle. Despite a small sample size our results suggest the measurement of specific IgE for grass pollen and the increase of IgG4 antibodies after the first therapy cycle to identify treatment responders. Studies with larger populations are necessary to confirm our findings.
Inhibition of grass allergen-specific T-cell responses by CD4+CD25+CD127lo regulatory T-cell; Background: Regulatory T-cells play a central role in regulating immune responses and might be a key element in the effect of allergen immunotherapy. Currently, flow cytometric identification and sorting of these cells are based on the surface markers CD25 and CD127 as well as the transcription factor foxp3. We intend to investigate changes in the regulatory T-cell population during immunotherapy and study the effect of CD4+CD25+CD127lo cells on T-cell responses to Phleum pratense allergen extract (Phl p). Method: Percentages of CD4+CD25+ CD127lofoxp3+ cells in peripheral blood were determined by flow cytometry. CD4+ T-cells from 11 grass allergic donors were isolated by magnetic beads purification, and CD4+CD25+CD127lo (Treg) and CD4+CD25+CD127high (Teff) cells were subsequently separated by FACS. Phl pspecific T-cell proliferation in Co-cultures of Teff and Treg at different ratios was investigated by EdU incorporation. Result: The average percentage of CD4+CD25+CD127locells was 2.8% (±1.0), and the percentage ranged from 1.2% to 4.8% among the grass allergic donors investigated (n = 20). The average percentage of CD4+CD25+CD127lofoxp3 + cells was slightly lower (2.4% ±1.0) while somewhat higher average percentages were found for CD25+foxp3+ and CD127lofoxp3+ (4.8% ± 1.7 and 4.4% ± 1.8, respectively). Expression of CTLA-4 and GITR could not be demonstrated for the majority of regulatory Tcells while expression of both these molecules was found on other T-cell subpopulations. Strong inhibition of Phl p-specific proliferation was observed in most donors, while more modest or even absent inhibition was found in some donors (n = 11). A link between percentages of CD4+ CD25+CD127lo T-cells in peripheral blood and the level of Treg suppression of the allergen-specific responses was not found in this patient subset. Conclusion: The average percentages of regulatory T-cells in peripheral blood differs considerably depending on the FACS markers used to define this cell population. Markers involved in the regulatory function, such as CTLA-4 and GITR were in general not detected on the investigated populations of regulatory T-cells in peripheral blood. The CD4+CD25+CD127lo Tcells seem to function as effective inhibitors of allergen-specific responses in grass allergic patients. It will be highly relevant to investigate the number, phenotype and effect of these cells in detail in patients treated with grass allergen immunotherapy.
Comprehensive allergen quantitation using mass spectrometry; Background: The exact quantitation of relevant allergens is essential to support the development of high-quality biologicals intended for safe and efficacious immunotherapy. In this regard, conventional ELISA assays often fail to detect selected allergen isoforms. Herein, we describe the application of mass spectrometry (MS) in order to quantify major allergens present within two pharmaceutical-grade allergen products: a 5-grass pollen extract (from Pooideae) and a house dust mite extract (made from Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and Dermatophagoides farinae species). Method: An in-depth MS characterisation of group-1 and group-2 allergens purified from grass pollens and house dust mites, respectively, was first performed to establish primary structure variability. Based upon those results, proteotypic allergen peptides were selected and analysed using liquid chromatography (LC)-ESI-MS/MS. To this aim, target tryptic peptides were monitored in comparison with synthetic peptides labelled with [13C6,15N]Leu and [13C6,15N]Phe used for calibration. Result: The primary structures of allergens considered in the present study were entirely confirmed, leading to the identification of numerous (i.e. up to 20) prominent sequence variants. Two MS quantitation assays were consequently developed to monitor group-1 content in a five grass mix vaccine and group-2 within a house dust mites extract, based on the determination of three specific proteotypic (i.e. highly conserved) tryptic peptides for each assay. Quantitation results, based upon the detection of such conserved peptides, confirmed batch-to-batch consistency and therefore process robustness. When compared to established ELISA sandwich methods, MS provided up to 50-fold higher quantitation values for both group-1 grass allergens and group-2 mite allergens, confirming that ELISA method fails to detect some isoforms. Conclusion: Mass spectrometry represents an effective tool for accurate and comprehensive quantitation of pharmaceuticalgrade allergens and may favourably substitute for conventional ELISA methods.
Monitoring latex immunotherapy efficacy with in vivo and in vitro methods (basophil activation test); Background: We report a latex allergy case with and early improvement after two months of latex immunotherapy. The patient was a 47-year-old woman, working as clinical support, with acute urticaria due to latex allergy and latex-fruit syndrome (oral ulcerations and pyrosis with pineapple and kiwi). She had rhinoconjunctivitis and seasonal asthma with improvement after immunotherapy with grass pollen. Two years ago, she developed moderate persistent asthma, without improvement after immunotherapy with parietaria (Table presented) pollen. Apart from daily intake of salmeterol/ fluticasone, latex sublingual immunotherapy (LSLIT) was prescribed (maintenance dose: five drops a day, 5 days per week). Two months after beginning immunotherapy, the patient reported tolerance to kiwi intake, unknown to pineapple, but not clear clinical improvement of asthma. Method: Prick test, specific IgE and gloveuse test were performed to diagnose latex allergy. The efficacy of immunotherapy was carried out by globe-use test and Basophil Activacion Test (BAT), both performed before beginning LSLIT and two months later. BAT was performed in whole heparinized blood. Basohpil population was detected with CD203-FITC and basophil activation with CD63-PE. Serum saline was used as negative control and the bacterian peptide fMLP as positive. A powder latex extract was tested at different concentrations (50-5000 ng/ml). An activation of at least 15% of basophils after latex stimulation was required to consider a result as positive. Result: Prick test and prick-prick with latex glove were negative. Total IgE: 82.1 mU/ml. Specific IgE (kU/l): latex 4.28, rHev b 6.01 1.58, negative for rHev b1, 3, 5, 8 and 11. Before treatment: Glove-use test: Positive (two habonose lessons in hand). BAT was positive with 250 ng/ml and higher concentrations. After 2 months treatment: Glove-use test: Negative (No lessons after 40 min glove contact). BAT: The treatment increased the activation threshold (minimum antigen concentration required for a test positive) from 250 ng/ml to 1000 ng/ml. Conclusion: An early improvement in cutaneous symptoms and latex fruit-syndrome is possible with LSLIT. A decrease in the basophil sensitivity, according to an improvement in the glove-use test, indicates that BAT can be useful as a noninvasive test to monitor clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with latex.
Changes in bronchial reactivity to histamine in the course of allergen immunotherapy in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients -are they really caused by the treatment? Comparison of two schedules, Maintenance versus pre-seasonal; Background: Specific subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT) is the therapeutic method recommended in patients suffering from seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) at whose pharmacological treatment does not bring satisfactory results. Usually injections of allergen or allergoid extracts are given in two schedules: pre-seasonal only or after the build-up period, in monthly intervals of the highest well tolerated dose of the vaccine by the period of 3 to 5 years (maintenance treatment). This study was aimed to compare effects of the two schedules of SCIT, on bronchial response to histamine. Methods: Fifty seven patients were included into the study. They were randomly divided into 2 groups: A (n = 29)-maintenance group and B (n = 28) -pre-seasonal group. All of them were sensitive to grass pollen, what was confirmed by skin prick tests. Studies were started in autumn of 2005 (in 41 patients) or 2006 (in 16 patients). Before starting of SCIT, outside pollination period (November-January), bronchial provocation tests with histamine (according to Rosenthal's method) were performed at each patient. Successive histamine challenges were repeated at the same time of the year. Every day the number of the grains of pollen of grasses in one cubic metre of the air was estimated in each season of pollinating. Results: After 1st year of SCIT no significant changes in BHR were observed. After the 2nd year non significant increases in BHR in both groups (more intensive in B) were seen. After the 3rd season of SCIT a decrease in BHR was observed in both groups. In group A decrease in BHR was significant in comparison to baseline and to the 2nd season. In group B significant decrease in BHR was noted only in comparison to the 2nd season. What was the cause of the increase in BHR after the 2nd season? Maybe it was the result of the intensive pollination during 2007 season? The following maximal numbers of grass pollen granules in 1 cubic metre of the air in successive years were found: in 2005- 385, 2006-198, 2007-480, 2008-248, and in 2009-168. After separate analysis of results in patients started SCIT in 2005 and in 2006 we found that in both groups the most intensive BHR was noted after the 2nd year of SCIT. Conclusions: The BHR to histamine after 3 years of SCIT was significantly lower than at starting only in the maintenance group. The intensity of pollination in summer preceding the histamine challenge can have some effect on bronchial reactivity.
Changes in specific IgE to single grass pollen allergens in patients undergoing sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Allergen immunotherapy induces a number of immunologic modifications. Among these, allergen-specific IgE antibodies generally show an increase during the early phase of treatment, followed by a subsequent progressive decrease. We evaluated the changes in specific IgE (sIgE) to single grass pollen allergens during the first year of treatment with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) by a grass extract. Methods: Thirty patients with grass pollen allergy were included in the study. All patients had persistent allergic rhinitis from at least 2 consecutive years, graded moderate-severe according to ARIA classification
Italian survey on the safety of ultrashortterm specific immunotherapy with pollen allergoids adjuvanted by monophosphoryl lipid A (issue study); Background: The clinical efficacy of allergen specific immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic respiratory diseases is well documented. However its main drawbacks are the risks of inducing systemic reactions. A recently developed immunotherapy with pollen allergoids adjuvanted by monophosphoryl lipid A requires a very ultrashort pre-seasonal schedule of only four injections (uSCIT-MPL-4) and it has been proved safe in controlled trials. However its safety has not yet widely evaluated in real life by post-marketing surveillances. Objective: To prospectively assess the safety of uSCIT-MPL-4 in a one-year, multi-center, real-life study. Methods: Twelve Italian allergology departments were asked to record the clinical features of systemic reactions due to uSCIT-MPL-4. Vaccines were prescribed according to the international guidelines. Systemic reactions (SR) were graded according to the EAACI recommendations and were classified as immediate (<30 min) or delayed (>30 min). Results: A total of 788 patients (469 males and 319 females
Specific immunotherapy improves the clinical response in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) has a significant role in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and allergic conjunctivitis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of specific immunotherapy on grasspollen induced rhino-conjunctivitis. Methods: We have evaluated the effect of standard regiment of SIT on the pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Twenty-six patients (age range 18-44 years) with positive history for more than 2 years and skin-prick test ≥ 5 mm underwent conjunctival provocation tests before and after 1 year of SIT. Clinical severity of nasal and conjunctival symptoms during the season was assessed by 4-point arbitrary rating scale from 0 to 3. Conjunctival provocation were done out of the season until allergic symptoms occurred achieving the allergen threshold dose (ATD). Results: After 1 year of SIT we found reduction in clinical symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis (burning, itching, lacrimation and hyperemia) P < 0.05 as well as reduction in clinical symptoms of allergic rhinitis (secretion, irritation, itching and nasal blockade) P < 0.01. Significantly higher allergen doses in provocation test (out of season) were tolerated after 1 year of performed SIT, reaching new ATD. Conclusions: Grass pollen SIT reduces clinical symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and modifies the inflammatory response after specific allergen challenge.
Noticeable placebo response in clinical studies investigating efficacy of different preparations for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy; Background: Randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled (RDBPC) studies are currently the recommended standard of clinical trials. The outcome of these trials is affected by the placebo response which is driven by different mechanisms and influenced by a variety of factors e.g. invasiveness and duration of therapy or patient's attitude of expectation. Only clinical trials including a baseline exposure period provide the possibility to precisely investigate this effect in SIT. In past studies, only to a lesser extent baseline assessments were included. Methods: We analysed five randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled clinical trials including a baseline period, designed to assess efficacy and safety of SCIT in patients with allergic rhinitis (AR), allergic to grass pollen, birch pollen or mites, using the full analysis sets (FAS). In a total of 415 placebo treated patients the median change relative to baseline of the area under the curve (AUC) of the symptom medication score (SMS) after 2 years of placebo therapy was calculated. Evaluation periods covered 21 days for birch pollen, 42 days for grass pollen as well as 28 days for house dust mite (HDM) allergy. To obviate the possibility that different pollen exposure during the seasons influenced the results, the AUCs of birch and grass pollen grains/m3 during the evaluation periods were checked. Results: Birch pollen allergic placebo treated patients with AR (n = 216) demonstrated an improvement of the AUC of median SMS of 21.5%, grass pollen allergic placebo treated patients (n = 87) an improvement of 22.5%. Patients belonging to the placebo group with HDM allergy (n = 112) displayed an even exceeded improvement by 35.5% of their SMS compared to baseline. Pollen counts of the seasonal allergens were comparable for the analysed periods in 2 years. Conclusion: The results of different RDBPC clinical trials with a baseline period showed that the influence of subcutaneous placebo therapy is in the range of 22- 36% in SIT studies. Further investigations have to show if diverse application routes e.g. the sublingual route the placebo response to the same extent. .
A comparative health economic evaluation of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet and subcutaneous immunotherapy in the treatment of grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) constitutes a large burden for society. The disease prevalence is increasing and app. 20-25% of the European population suffers from respiratory allergies including ARC. The majority of patients are treated with symptomatic pharmacotherapy
Olfactory function in seasonal allergic rhinitis can be improved by allergen-specific immunotherapy; Backround: Olfactory dysfunction is a common finding in patients suffering from allergic rhinitis. However, little is known about the effects of common therapeutic methods such as allergen-specific subcutaneous immunotherapy. Objective: To evaluate the influence of a pollen season on olfactory function and the efficacy of a pre-seasonal immunotherapy with subcutaneous injections of molecular standardized allergens from grass and rye pollen with drug treatment on demand in comparison to a symptomatic drug treatment alone on olfactory threshold, identification, and discrimination. Methods: A prospective controlled study has been performed on 64 patients with allergic rhinitis to grass and rye pollen that had been randomized 1:1 to either SCIT with symptomatic treatment on demand (SCIT) or symptomatic medication, alone (SM). A baseline season was compared to a season after treatment. Olfactory function was evaluated at baseline, preseasonally, on day 3, 7, 14, 21 and 28 of the season and after season using the Sniffin'Stickstesting procedure for threshold, identification and discrimination. 12 non-allergic volunteers served as controls. Results: Out of season, patients and controls performed equally in discrimination and identification testing, but not in threshold testing. No changes were found in the controls, but a significant decrease in threshold and identification from the 7th day of the season in the allergics was noted in the baseline season (P < 0.01). This decrease was prevented in the SCIT group for the entire period for discrimination and up to day 21 for identification. In the SM group, it was prevented until day 14 for identification and discrimination (P < 0.01). Conclusions: Grass pollen allergics develop olfactory dysfunction during natural allergen exposure that might be better prevented by SCIT with symptomatic treatment then by symptomatic treatment alone.
Treatment with SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet impacted the number of days with low quality of life; Background: The quality of life of patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is often impaired due to symptoms such as nasal obstruction and rhinorrhea, frequently resulting in sleep disruption. Purpose: to investigate how the number of days with severe symptoms (severe days) impacts the rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life and how the treatment with a grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) impacts the frequency of severe days. Methods: Data from a multicentre, doubleblind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial of 5 years duration (3 years daily treatment and 2 years follow-up) with the grass AIT (Grazax, phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/ 2800 BAU, ALK, Denmark), were used. Six rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms (four nose and two eye) rated on a 4-point scale from 0 (no symptoms) to 3 (severe symptoms) were recorded on a daily basis. Quality of life was assessed with the Junipers rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ) on a weekly basis in terms of seven domains each rated on a 7-point scale from 0 (not troubled/none of the time) to 6 (extremely troubled/all of the time). Post-hoc, the numbers of weekly (Table presented) severe days in at least one of the six symptom categories were merged with the RQLQ replies the same week (12324 data points) and analysed, using cubic B-splines and logistic regression. Results: The RQLQ score increased (=lower quality of life) with the number of weekly severe days. For example, the RQLQ score was 3.7 times higher for subjects with four or more weekly severe days (mean score: 2.93) than for subjects with no weekly severe days (mean score: 0. 79), Table 1. Treatment with grass AIT significantly reduced the odds of having severe days relative to placebo, P < 0.001, Table 1. The odds-ratio for grass AIT versus placebo for having severe days decreased with the number of weekly severe days. For example, the odds of having four or more weekly severe days were three times lower (odds-ratio = 0.3) in the group treated with grass AIT. Conclusion: Treatment with grass AIT significantly reduced the odds of having days with severe symptoms. Days with severe symptoms had a negative impact on the quality of life.
Tolerability of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet and patient satisfaction with treatment in children, Adolescents and adults during routine application; Background: The fast-dissolving SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) became available for children from 5 years of age in 2008 in Germany and Austria. Objective of our study was to record data about tolerability and patient satisfaction in children, adolescents and adults during routine use of grass AIT. Methods: In a non-interventional, observational study 1761 patients (797 <18 years
Motivating factors for the initiation of allergen immunotherapy in severe, Grasspollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Subcutaneous injections and sublingual drop and tablet formulations are available for allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in the treatment of severe, grass-pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A study performed in Austria (AT), Italy (I) and the Netherlands (NL) in 2010 assessed AIT prescription habits in specialist physicians and their patients suffering from severe grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis (whether treated with AIT or not). Results: A total of 223 specialist physicians (AT: 54
Grass pollen nasal allergen challenge: Technique, clinical outcomes and local biomarkers; Background: Nasal allergen challenge canbe used to assess the presence, severity andmechanisms of rhinitis due to inhalantallergens. We aimed to develop a reproducibletechnique for grass pollen nasal allergenchallenge and to study biomarkerswithin nasal secretions.Methods: Nineteen patients with a historyof grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis andpositive skin prick test and specific IgE toTimothy Grass were assessed. PurifiedTimothy Grass allergen (ALK Abello,Denmark) was applied by nasal sprayusing disposable Bi-Dose devices (PfeifferGmbH, Germany). Volunteers initiallyunderwent a dose-titration challenge todetermine dose-response characteristics.Subsequently, volunteers underwent threefurther challenges using individualisedthreshold doses. On each occasion symptomscores, visual analogue scores, andnasal inspiratory peak flow were recordedat baseline and up to 6 h after challenge.Nasal secretions were collected at eachtime point using synthetic filter papers orabsorptive sponges. Secretions were separatedby centrifugation across microfiltersand immediately frozen. They were lateranalysed by Mesoscale ELISA for IL-4, -5,-10, -13, IFN-γ, Tryptase and EosinophilCationic Protein.Results: Challenges gave reproduciblesymptom scores, visual analogue scoresand decreases in nasal peak inspiratoryflow. Tryptase levels in nasal fluid peakedat 5 min after challenge and returned tobaseline levels at 1 h. IL-5, IL-13, IL-4 andIL-10 levels were increased from 2 to 3 hand showed progressive increases to 6 h.ECP levels peaked at 5 h. Sponges provedthe superior material for measuring themajority of biomarkers.Conclusions: We have developed a reproduciblenasal allergen challenge technique.This may be used as a surrogate clinicalendpoint in trials assessing the efficacy ofallergic rhinitis treatments, including specificallergen immunotherapy. Tryptase inlocal nasal secretions is a potential biomarkerof the early phase response
Cluster-immunotherapy with a highly polymerized pollen extract: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Currently, specific immunotherapy(SIT) is the only causal treatmentfor allergic diseases. Due to the rapid updosingschedule cluster-immunotherapyrepresents an innovative treatment achievingthe maintenance dose in a very shortperiod of time. In a randomized, doubleblind,placebo-controlled trial the efficacyand safety of cluster immunotherapy witha highly polymerized allergen extract froma mixture of grass and rye pollen has beenevaluated.Methods: In total, 121 patients (18-69 years of age, median age 37 years
Meta-analysis supports that the efficacy of grass allergy immunotherapy tablets is comparable to subcutaneous immunotherapy; Background: Subcutaneous (SCIT) andsublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) havebeen shown to be effective in the treatmentof allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Recent metaanalysessuggest the magnitude of effect isgreater with SCIT, but significant heterogeneitycalls for careful interpretation of thesedata. To reduce clinical and methodologicalheterogeneity we performed meta-analysison grass immunotherapy trials alone andfurther separated sublingual treatments intoSLIT drops and allergy immunotherapytablets (AIT).Method: We conducted a search of MEDLINE,Embase and the Cochrane Library,the search was limited to English languageliterature published up until December2010. We only considered randomised double-blind placebo-controlled (RDBPC)trials of commercially available SCIT,SLIT drops and AIT modalities for treatmentof grass induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.Articles were cross-checkedagainst those identified in recent meta-analysesand reviews. Data regarding rhinitisor rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores wereextracted from the publications and metaanalysiswas performed separately for thethree respective treatment modalities. Result: Twenty-four RDBPC trials fulfilledselection criteria (six SCIT, 12 SLIT drops,six AIT) and included a total of 3629 subjects(1920 active, 1709 placebo). Main reasonsfor excluding trials: lack ofdoubleblinding/randomisation, review articles,duplicate trials, utilised multiple unrelatedallergens, experimental preparations,and insufficient rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitissymptom data. Using a fixed-effect model,all three treatment modalities significantlyreduced rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis symptomscompared with placebo. Nominallythe level of efficacy was greater for grassAIT (SMD) 0.41, 95%CI) 0.51-0.31
Intralymphatic specific immunotherapy, a new treatment form for grass pollen allergy. A preliminary safety study; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapyis the only causative treatment forIgE-mediated allergic diseases such as hayfever and asthma. There is strong evidence,that a new treatment form with directadministration of allergen into a lymphnode improves the efficacy, because this iswhere the allergen-presentation takesplaces, so the patient only needs threeinjections compared to the standard subcutaneousmethod with 50 injections over 3-5 years.Aim: Primary endpoint is to evaluate thesafety-aspects of three different concentrationsof grass pollen-allergen injected intralymphatic.Secondary endpoint is immunologicalchanges in blood samples.Method: Twelve patients (18-60 years)were included based on a history of treatmentrequiring seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis,positive SPT and specific IgE to grasspollen. Exclusion criteria were: Pregnancyor nursing, significant other disease, betablockersor previous immunotherapy treatment.Performed as a randomized opentrial, with one injection of 0.1 ml grass pollen-allergen, in a lymph node in the groin.There are three groups of four patientswith each group receiving either 10, 100 or1000 SQ-U.Result: No related adverse events in thefirst to groups. In the group with 1000SQ-U all four had a small red area at theinjection-site. One patient had a swelling atthe injection-site (6×8), duration 1 day.One patient felt an itching of the eyes,duration 2 h. One patient had a swelling atthe injection-site (9×3), and at two areas4 cm above (7×5), and one area belowthe injection-site (8×3), duration 3 days.The patient also experienced a rash at thechest and neck 3 h after injection, duration30 min. As secondary outcome blood sampleswere examinated for spec. IgE, IgG4and histamine release (HR). In generalmost patients had a decrease in their spec.IgE and IgG4. Only one patient treatedwith 10 SQ-U had a minor increase in bothparameters. In regards to HR-test only onepatient treated with 100 SQ-U had anincrease in HR.Conclusion: Minor adverse reactions notdifferent from classical subcutaneousimmunotherapy were observed for thehighest dose. Immunological parameterswere mostly decreasing as expected out ofseason. No apparent change due to theintralymphatic injections.
Long-term clinical efficacy of a 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet in adults with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The present 5-year study haddemonstrated sustained efficacy of yearlypre- and co-seasonal treatment with 5-grasspollen SLIT tablets over the third pollenseasons. A further objective was to evaluatethe maintenance of efficacy in the posttreatmentperiod, i.e. over the fourth andfifth pollen seasons.Method: Adults (N = 633), with grass pollenrhinoconjunctivitis for more than10 years, were randomized either to a placebogroup or to one of two active groupsreceiving pre- and co-seasonal treatmentfor three pollen seasons (starting either4 months [4M] or 2 months [2M] prior tothe pollen season). Use of rescue medicationwas permitted. The three treatmentseasons were followed by two treatmentfreeyears (the second treatment-free yearis ongoing). The primary efficacy criterionwas the Average Adjusted Symptom Score(AAdSS, which adjust the symptoms forrescue medication use). Key secondary efficacycriteria included the Average Individualrhinoconjunctivitis Symptom Scores(AISSs), the Average Rescue MedicationScore (ARMS) and the overall RhinoconjunctivitisQuality of Life Questionnaire(RQLQ) score.Result: The results from the fourth pollenperiod (i.e. first treatment-free season)showed relative mean differences in theAAdSS versus placebo of )22.9%(P = 0.0112) and )28.5% (P = 0.0019)for the 4M and 2M treatment groups,respectively. AISSs results are shown inA significant decrease in the ARMS wasalso observed in 4M and 2M treatmentgroups [24.6% (P = 0.0183) and 27.9%(P = 0.0082) respectively]. Both treatmentschedules (4M or 2M) with the 300 IR tabletdisplayed improvement in LS meanRQLQ overall score ()32.8%(P = 0.0001) and )37.6% (P < 0.0001),respectively). No safety concerns wereobserved during the first treatment-freeyear.Conclusion: The 300IR 5-grass pollen SLITtablet demonstrated a significant sustainedefficacy in the first post-treatment yearafter three seasons of pre- and co-seasonaltreatment. The effect over a second treatment-free season will be evaluated duringthe fifth year of the study.
Mechanisms of Sublingual Immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been shown to be effective in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Despite comparable clinical efficacy to traditional subcutaneous immunotherapy, the mechanisms of SLIT have yet to be fully established. This article considers the role of the local oral mucosa and regional lymphoid tissues in the processing of allergen during SLIT and the subsequent effects on T-cell and B-cell immune compartments and at mucosal sites. The likely time course of events and the evidence for long-lasting tolerance following SLIT are discussed. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Systemic Reactions to Subcutaneous Allergen Immunotherapy; Subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT) has been practiced for 100 years. Many trials have established the efficacy of SCIT in reducing symptoms of both seasonal allergic rhinitis and asthma due to aeroallergens. However, clinical benefits of SCIT are tempered by risks of injection-related systemic reactions and life-threatening anaphylaxis. This article reviews data derived from retrospective surveys conducted to define the incidence, prevalence, and factors contributing to injection-related fatal anaphylactic and near-fatal systemic reactions, as well as recently initiated longitudinal surveillance studies of SCIT reactions. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Sublingual Immunotherapy for Allergic Respiratory Diseases: Efficacy and Safety; Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is effective and safe when properly prescribed and administered. However, a certain risk of severe side effects exists, even when the reaction is managed correctly. These potential adverse effects stimulated the search for new administration routes (nasal, bronchial, oral, sublingual), which were expected to be safer. Not all of these alternative routes provided an improved benefit-safety profile compared with SCIT. The sublingual route (SLIT) seemed to be a good candidate for the clinical practice because of its satisfactory safety profile and is now considered an acceptable alternative to SCIT in adults and children. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
The current role of sublingual immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults and children; Allergic rhinitis is a very common disease affecting about 20% of people. It may be treated by allergen avoidance when possible, by antiallergic drugs such as antihistamines and topical corticosteroids, and by allergen-specific immunotherapy. The latter is the only treatment able to act on the causes and not only on the symptoms of respiratory allergy and is able to maintain its efficacy even after stopping, provided an adequate duration of treatment of 3-5 years is ensured. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was introduced in the 1990s as a possible solution to the problem of adverse systemic reactions to subcutaneous immunotherapy and has been demonstrated by more than 50 trials and globally evaluated thus far by five metaanalyses as an effective and safe treatment for allergic rhinitis. Life-threatening reactions are extremely rare. However, it is important to note that clinical efficacy occurs only if SLIT meets its needs, ie, sufficiently high doses are regularly administered for at least 3 consecutive years. This is often overlooked in the current practice and may prevent the same success reported by trials from being achieved. © 2011 Incorvaia et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Effect of Lactobacillus paracasei ST11 on a nasal provocation test with grass pollen in allergic rhinitis; Background Probiotics have been associated with prevention and improvement of symptoms in atopic diseases such as atopic dermatitis. However, few studies exist that document their efficacy for upper airways allergies such as allergic rhinitis. Objective To investigate the effect of short-term oral administration of Lactobacillus paracasei ST11 on a nasal provocation test (NPT) with grass pollen. Methods Thirty-one adult volunteers with allergic rhinitis were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, based on two 4-week cross-over periods of product consumption (ST11-fermented milk vs. placebo), separated by a wash-out period of 6-8 weeks. Objective and subjective clinical parameters of NPT as well as systemic and nasal immunological parameters were compared between the two treatment periods (registration number: NCT 011 50 253). Results Subjects that received ST11-fermented milk had lower nasal congestion than subjects under placebo (visual analogical scale
Medication persistence with long-term, specific grass pollen immunotherapy measured by prescription renewal rates; Objective: We assessed medication persistence using prescription renewal rates for grass pollen specific immunotherapy (SIT) in a representative population of patients in Germany to evaluate whether the perception of superior persistence for the subcutaneous route compared to the sublingual route could be confirmed in clinical practice. Methods: Individual prescriptions for allergen immunotherapy were extracted from a national prescription database (INSIGHT Health) and followed over 3 years on a per-patient basis. However, patients' medical history and treatment schedules were not available for analysis. Products were identified by the national drug code (PZN number) and grouped to either subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with natural extract injections, SCIT with modified allergens (allergoids) or sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with natural pollen extract solutions. Persistence was defined as at least one prescription of the individual drug in the respective years. Results: A total of 1409 patients started SIT in 2005 (112, 695, and 602 for natural extract SLIT, natural extract SCIT, and allergoid SCIT, respectively). In 2006, 71%, 55%, and 59% of those patients had at least one renewal prescription of natural extract SLIT, natural extract SCIT, and allergoid SCIT, respectively, as well as 51%, 34%, and 39% in 2007. In both years, persistence with natural extract SLIT was significantly higher than with natural extract SCIT (p = 0.0015 for 2006, p = 0.0003 for 2007) and allergoid SCIT (p = 0.0152 for 2006, p = 0.0111 for 2007). There were no significant differences between the two SCIT groups. Conclusion: Medication persistence with grass pollen SIT in a representative sample of patients in Germany was similar to published medication persistence in asthma and COPD patients. The sublingual application route shows significantly better persistency than the subcutaneous route with native allergens or allergoids. © 2011 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved.
Recombinant allergens: What does the future hold?; This year we are celebrating not only the centenary of allergen-specific immunotherapy but also the 10-year anniversary of the first administration of recombinant allergen-based vaccines to allergic patients. By using recombinant DNA technology, defined and safe allergy vaccines can be produced that allow us to overcome many, if not all, of the problems associated with the use of natural allergen extracts, such as insufficient quality, allergenic activity, and poor immunogenicity. Here we provide an update of clinical studies with recombinant allergen-based vaccines, showing that some of these vaccines have undergone successful clinical evaluation up to phase III studies. Furthermore, we introduce a strategy for allergen-specific immunotherapy based on recombinant fusion proteins consisting of viral carrier proteins and allergen-derived peptides without allergenic activity, which holds the promise of being free of side effects and eventually being useful for prophylactic vaccination. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Characteristics of patients with respiratory allergy in France and factors influencing immunotherapy prescription: A prospective observational study (Realis); To describe the sensitization profile of respiratory allergies in France, identifying factors influencing the prescription of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) [Transversal phase (T)], and assess treatment efficacy, tolerability, compliance and satisfaction [Longitudinal phase (L)]. French allergists (600) and pneumo-allergists (600) were offered participation and asked to recruit the first 20 new patients with allergic rhinitis (AR) and/or asthma, consulting for a first time allergy check-up with skin prick-test (T), and 5 patients sensitized to pollens (skin test and/or specific IgE) for whom SLIT with pollens was prescribed (L). In the T phase, 2,714 patients were recruited by 169 specialists, mostly allergists (76.5%). The majority (98%) suffered from AR, alone (57.7%) or with asthma (40.3%) and 80.3% suffered from moderate-to-severe rhinitis, mostly persistent (65.8%). Asthma, when present, was mostly intermittent (63.7%) or mild persistent (20.1%). Sensitization to house dust mites was the most common (64.5%), followed by grass pollens (61.5%), tree pollens (41.6%) and cat danders (30.5%). Poly-sensitization was seen in 73.6% of patients. AIT, mostly sublingual, was recommended in 55.6% of the patients, mostly (78.1%) because of insufficient control with symptomatic treatments. The overall impact of symptoms on QOL, positive skin test to grass pollens, ocular pruritus and/or nasal obstruction and moderate-to-severe rhinitis were significant predictors of SLIT prescription. Poly-sensitization or concomitant asthma were not seen as deterrents. Most patients consulting a specialist for allergy testing suffer from moderate-to-severe rhinitis. Treatment in current practice includes immunotherapy in half of the patients, and follows ARIA recommendations. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Recombinant allergens for specific immunotherapy; Recombinant DNA technology provides the means for producing allergens that are equivalent to their natural counterparts and also genetically engineered variants with reduced IgE-binding activity. The proteins are produced as chemically defined molecules with consistent structural and immunologic properties. Several hundred allergens have been cloned and expressed as recombinant proteins, and these provide the means for making a very detailed diagnosis of a patient's sensitization profile. Clinical development programs are now in progress to assess the suitability of recombinant allergens for both subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy. Recombinant hypoallergenic variants, which are developed with the aim of increasing the doses that can be administered while at the same time reducing the risks for therapy-associated side effects, are also in clinical trials for subcutaneous immunotherapy. Grass and birch pollen preparations have been shown to be clinically effective, and studies with various other allergens are in progress. Personalized or patient-tailored immunotherapy is still a very distant prospect, but the first recombinant products based on single allergens or defined mixtures could reach the market within the next 5 years. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Both sublingual and supralingual routes of administration are effective in long-term allergen-specific immunotherapy; The aim of this study was to confirm or refute the difference between efficacy of long-term specific immunotherapy (SIT) with standardized allergen vaccine consisting of six grass pollens (oat grass, orchard grass, fescue, rye grass, timothy grass, and rye) administered either by sublingual or by supralingual route. To investigate clinical and immunologic changes, 51 patients of a previous 1-year double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study were enrolled in an open randomized study that continued over the next 3 years. Sublingual or supralingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was performed in the same way, keeping the drops under or on the tongue, respectively, for 1-2 minutes before swallowing them. Data about symptoms scores and rescue medication intake during grass pollen seasons, as well as skin-prick test results, levels of specific IgG, and IgE antibodies were collected after each pollen season. It was clearly shown that both routes of administration were effective, leading to a significant decrease of clinical symptoms of grass pollen allergy after SIT lasting 3-4 years. No statistically significant difference between sublingually and supralingually treated patients was observed at the end of the study. Adverse effects were limited to a small number of generally mild local and/or systemic reactions with no significant difference between both administration ways of SIT. The significant therapeutic effect of both SLIT and supralingual immunotherapy lasting 3-4 years was clearly achieved. Despite no significant difference between efficacy of both administration ways of SIT, the onset of sublingual SIT effect seems to be slightly faster than that of supralingual SIT. Copyright © 2011, OceanSide Publications, Inc.
Investigation of the impact of aeroallergens sensitization on allergic rhinitis severity; Background: To date, there is no enough evidence of which allergen is associated with more allergic rhinitis symptoms than the others. Identifying allergens that are associated with significant symptoms and those that cause more symptoms than others can help us in deciding which allergens to include in the immunotherapy regimen and, therefore, may reduce the need for multiple allergens immunotherapy and subsequently improve the safety, adherence to, and efficacy of immunotherapy. Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of aeroallergens sensitization on allergic rhinitis severity and to identify allergens which are associated with the most significant symptoms in allergic rhinitis patients. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted at Ear, Nose, and Throat (ENT) clinics at the Jordan University Hospital. During the week prior to the clinic visit, patients completed a diary of their allergic symptoms. Skin prick test with 18 standardized allergen extracts were performed in all patients. We used linear regression analysis to identify allergens which independently contribute to patients symptoms. Results: Eight allergens had a statistically significant and independent effect on allergic symptoms as compared to other allergens. Olive pollen sensitization has the most significant contribution to allergic symptoms. Conclusions: This is the first study that reports differences in the effect of allergen sensitization on allergic symptoms severity. Olive pollen should be given the highest attention, exposure should be avoided, and it should be considered the principle allergen when designing the immunotherapy regimen for those who are sensitized. © 2011 DAR Publishers/ University of Jordan. All Rights Reserved.
Purification of the major group 1 allergen from bahia grass pollen, Pas n 1; Background: Group 1 grass pollen allergens are glycoproteins of the β-expansin family. They are a predominant component of pollen and are potent allergens with a high frequency of serum IgE reactivity in grass pollen-allergic patients. Bahia grass is distinct from temperate grasses and has a prolonged pollination period and wide distribution in warmer climates. Here we describe the purification of the group 1 pollen allergen, Pas n 1, from Bahia grass (Paspalum notatum), an important subtropical aeroallergen source. Methods: Pas n 1 was purified from an aqueous Bahia grass pollen extract by ammonium sulphate precipitation, hydrophobic interaction and size exclusion chromatography, and assessed by one- and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis, immunoblotting and ELISA. Results: Pas n 1 was purified to a single 29-kDa protein band containing two dominant isoforms detected by an allergen-specific monoclonal antibody and serum IgE of a Bahia grass pollen-allergic donor. The frequency of serum IgE reactivity with purified Pas n 1 in 51 Bahia grass pollen-allergic patients was 90.6%. Serum IgE reactivity with purified Pas n 1 was highly correlated with serum IgE reactivity with Bahia grass pollen extract and recombinant Pas n 1 (r = 0.821 and 0.913, respectively). Conclusions: Pas n 1 is a major allergen reactive at high frequency with serum IgE of Bahia grass pollen-allergic patients. Purified natural Pas n 1 has utility for improved specific diagnosis and immunotherapy for Bahia grass pollen allergy. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG.
Sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A: A phase I/IIa study; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) allergy vaccines have an excellent safety profile, but opinions vary on their efficacy, and treatment regimens are often lengthy. This study assessed the effects of the Toll-like receptor 4 agonist monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®) on safety/tolerability and clinical and immunological efficacy when combined with grass pollen SLIT formulations in treating patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis. This is the first reported study of adjuvanted SLIT. Methods: In this double-blind placebo-controlled phase I/IIa study, 80 grass pollen-sensitive subjects were randomized into 4 groups of 20 subjects to receive daily treatment for 8 weeks. Sixteen patients per group received SLIT and 4 received placebo. The formulation given to each group varied with respect to grass pollen extract and MPL content. Grass allergen nasal challenge tests (NCTs) were performed prior to dosing and in weeks 4 and 10. Grass pollen-specific immunoglobulin G (IgG) and IgE antibodies were measured at baseline and prior to dosing in weeks 2, 3, 4, 5 and 10. Results: Local and systemic adverse events were generally comparable for patients who received active treatment and placebo. Patients in the 2 groups given SLIT containing the highest amount of MPL experienced the highest proportion of negative NCTs after 10 weeks (47 and 44%, vs. 20% with placebo). These patients also showed earlier median increases in specific IgG and smaller increases in IgE levels than those receiving other formulations. Conclusions: These results suggest that SLIT preparations containing MPL are well tolerated and alter the immunological response to grass antigens after 3 weeks of exposure, with an associated suppression of nasal challenge responses. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG.
Long-term tolerance after allergen immunotherapy is accompanied by selective persistence of blocking antibodies; Background: Grass pollen immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis is a disease-modifying treatment that results in long-term clinical tolerance lasting years after treatment discontinuation. Active treatment is associated with generation of inhibitory grass pollen-specific IgG antibodies capable of blocking allergen-IgE interactions. Objectives: We sought to investigate the involvement of IgG-associated inhibitory antibodies with long-term clinical tolerance after discontinuation of grass pollen immunotherapy. Methods: We conducted a 4-year study in which patients who had moderate-to-severe allergic rhinitis underwent a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled discontinuation of subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy. All subjects received grass pollen immunotherapy injections for 2 years (n = 13), followed by a further 2 years of either active (n = 7) or placebo (n = 6) injections. Clinical outcomes included seasonal symptoms and use of rescue medication. Serum specimens were collected at baseline and after 2 and 4 years for quantification of allergen-specific IgG antibodies. Sera were also tested for IgG-dependent inhibitory bioactivity against IgE-allergen binding in cellular assays by using flow cytometry and confocal microscopy to detect binding of IgE-grass pollen allergen complexes to B cells. Results: Clinical improvement was maintained after 2 years of discontinuation. Although immunotherapy-induced grass pollen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 levels decreased to near-preimmunotherapy levels during discontinuation, inhibitory bioactivity of allergen-specific IgG antibodies was maintained unchanged. Conclusion: Grass pollen immunotherapy induces a subpopulation of allergen-specific IgG antibodies with potent inhibitory activity against IgE that persists after treatment discontinuation and that could account for long-term clinical tolerance. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Effect of grass pollen immunotherapy on asthma Quality of Life; RATIONALE: The aim of the study is evaluate Quality of Life (QoL) after immunotherapy treatment, in patients with seasonal allergic asthma due to grass pollen. METHODS: 68 patients, (age 18-64) with seasonal allergic asthma, were included. Forty three patients received cluster schedules with grass pollen immunotherapy (active group) and 25 patients (control group) received pharmacological treatment. Grass pollen allergy was confirmed by clinical history, skin prick test and serum specific IgE. QoL was assessed using Mini Quality Asthma Life Questionnaire (MiniQALQ), using a 7 points scale (0= no impairment, 7 = maximum impairment). MiniQALQ was self administered to the patients after one year of treatment during May and June. RESULTS: After one year of treatment we observed a better QoL and MiniQALQ results indicate statistically significant improvement (P < 0.05) in 7 of 15 domains. In the symptoms domain (fell short of breath, coughing and wheeze in your chest), environmental stimuli (avoid dust and avoid cigarette smoke in the environment)
Efficacy of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet during peak grass pollen season in North American children and adolescents; RATIONALE: Children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) may experience discomfort and activity limitations, especially during peak grass pollen season (pGPS) when symptoms are the most severe. Efficacy of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets (grass AIT) during pGPS was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind efficacy/safety trial in North American children/adolescents. METHODS: 344 subjects (5-17y) with grass pollen-induced ARC with/without asthma received once-daily 2800 BAU-standardized grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T, ∼15μg Phl p 5) or placebo a median of 16 weeks before and during GPS 2009. pGPS was defined as the 15-consecutive-day period with the highest moving average pollen count. The daily symptom score (DSS), daily medication score (DMS), total combined score (TCS=sum of DSS and DMS), and Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) scores (pediatric and adolescent) were assessed. Safety was monitored through adverse event (AE) reporting. RESULTS: 89% of subjects were multisensitized. Mean pollen counts (grains/m3/d) were: GPS=28, pGPS=48. Relative to placebo, improvements in TCS, DSS, DMS, and RQLQ with grass AIT were numerically greater during pGPS (31%, P<0.001
Lower respiratory-related events in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis receiving Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet; RATIONALE: Asthma may be a risk factor for adverse events when treating patients with immunotherapy. The purported advantage of sublingual immunotherapy is improved safety. The safety of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets (grass AIT) in asthma patients was further characterized by assessing lower respiratory-related events in subjects with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) with/without asthma. METHODS: Safety data pooled from 7 randomized, placebo-controlled trials of 2800 BAU-standardized once-daily grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T, ∼15μg Phl p 5) in 2096 adults (5 phase II/III trials) and 598 children (5-17y
Specific immunotherapy in treating atopic dermatitis: A systematic review using the GRADE system; RATIONALE: Controversy exists regarding the potential role of specific immunotherapy (SIT) as an effective therapeutic option for patients with atopic dermatitis (AD) who have IgE mediated potential to inhalant allergens. We critically appraised the evidence supporting use of SIT for such patients with AD. METHODS: We performed a literature search using the terms “immunotherapy” and “atopic dermatitis”, and “immunotherapy” and “eczema”. We used the same terms to search PubMed, Ovid, and Scopus. Our limits were “Humans”, “English”, and “Randomized Controlled Trial”(RCT). We excluded articles from this review that were not in English or were observational in nature. We also excluded articles where treatment was not SIT, such as interferon gamma therapy or M. tuberculosis vaccination. These double-blind(DB) RCTs were analyzed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. RESULTS: Six articles fulfilled the above-described characteristics
Consistency of clinical results throughout short-term and long-term studies with sublingual 300IR 5-grass pollen tablets; RATIONALE: 1533 patients were included in 2 short-term (adults and children) and in a long term (3-year treatment in adults) DBPC trials in Europe, assessing the once-daily pre-coseasonal allergen immunotherapy with 300IR 5-grass pollen tablets. Those studies demonstrated the safety and efficacy in adults and children with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. METHODS: The treatment efficacy was assessed by the improvement of the RTSS in the short-term studies and the improvement of the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS) in the long-term study during the pollen period. Post-hoc analyses were also performed on data from the short term studies, using the AAdSS as primary endpoint. Individual Symptom Scores and safety were studied as secondary endpoints in all trials. RESULTS: The 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet showed consistent efficacy across the 2 short-term and in the long term studies. The AAdSS adjusted mean improvement compared to placebo was at 30.4% and 28.2% in the adult and pediatric short-term studies respectively, and reached 37.7% in the long term study. Good efficacy was also demonstrated on all individual symptoms and especially on nasal congestion and ocular symptoms in all three studies. The majority of patients receiving 300IR 5-grass pollen tablets showed symptoms' improvement from the 1st pollen season. The tablet was well-tolerated. Adverse events were mostly local and mild-to-moderate in intensity. CONCLUSIONS: The 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet efficacy and safety was demonstrated in short-term adult, pediatric and in a long-term adult studies. These results support the use of the 300IR 5-grass pollen tablet in clinical practice in adults and children.
The efficacy of dual allergen sublingual immunotherapy in subjects with Dermatophagoides farinae and Timothy Grass allergy as assessed by the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life score; RATIONALE: We sought to evaluate the efficacy of dual allergen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in subjects with Dermatophagoides farinae (DF) and Timothy Grass (TG) allergy using the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life (QOL) questionnaire. METHODS: This is a double-blind, placebo-controlled study in subjects with DF and TG allergy. Subjects were block randomized 2:1 (active drug:-placebo). At the preliminary dosing visit, subjects received escalating doses of SLIT to a maximum dose. This dose was self-administered daily for 12 months. Subjects returned for follow up every 3-6 months. QOL questionnaires were administered at the preliminary visit and each follow up visit. RESULTS: Thirty subjects, age 5-57 years, were enrolled. Our preliminary data evaluates 21 subjects who have had at least 2 follow up visits. 18/21 (86%) subjects demonstrated improvement in mean QOL scores from baseline. 7/21 (33%) subjects had 50% or greater improvement in QOL scores from baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Preliminary data on subjects who received SLIT or placebo reveals that the majority showed improvement in QOL scores from baseline to first follow up visit. Given our 2:1 block randomization, a large number are likely those who received SLIT. We will further stratify our results once subjects are divided into treatment and placebo groups. To date, our data demonstrates that dual allergen SLIT is efficacious in the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
Sublingual immunotherapy: A randomised comparison between continuous and seasonal treatment in children with grass pollen allergy; RATIONALE: For pollen-allergy, preseasonal, precoseasonal and continuous regimens have been proposed in various clinical trials, but there is no formal comparison of their efficacy. We compared the clinical efficacy of continuous and coseasonal SLIT treatment for grass allergy over 3 years. METHODS: Children with rhinitis and/or asthma solely due to grass were randomised to SLIT given all year long or co-seasonally. Diary cards for clinical symptoms (0= none to 3= severe) and drug intake were recorded march to june in 2005 (baseline), 2006 2007, 2008. Treatment started in October 2005 in continuous SLIT group and in march 2006 in coseasonal group. RESULTS: Eighty children (43 male, 8-16 years) were randomised 1:1 to the two regimens and 72 completed the 3-year treatment. Sixtyfive patients reached maintenance dose without problems, whereas in 7 children the updosing had to be extended due to local-side effects. In first year, total symptom-score improved by 39%in continuous group and by 15% incoseasonal group (p=0.02). Medications' use fell by 60 % and 18% respectively (p<0.03). In the second year the score fell by 51% in the continuous and by 34% in the coseasonal group (p=0.04). In the 3rd year, there was no difference in symptoms and drug intake score between the two groups. Specific IgG4 remained significantly higher versus baseline in both groups at all timepoints. CONCLUSION: In grass pollen allergy the continuous maintenance regimen is more effective than the coseasonal one in the first season, whereas in the subsequent years the two regimens are equally effective.
Effect of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis eye symptoms in North American adults and children; RATIONALE: In patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC), itchy and/or watery eyes are common and bothersome. The effect of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grass AIT) treatment on eye symptoms was assessed in 2 randomized, double-blind, clinical trials designed to evaluate grass AIT efficacy/safety in North American adults, children, and adolescents with grass pollen-induced ARC with/without asthma. METHODS: 344 subjects in the pediatric study (5-17y) and 438 subjects in the adult study (18-65y) received 2800 BAU-standardized once-daily grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T, ∼15μg Phl p 5) or placebo for ∼16 weeks before and throughout the 2009 grass pollen season. Itchy and watery eye symptoms were each subject-scored daily on a scale of 0-3 (0=no symptom
Efficacy of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet during peak grass pollen season in North American adults; RATIONALE: Patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) may need symptom relief most during peak grass pollen season (pGPS). Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grass AIT) pGPS efficacy was assessed in a randomized, double-blind study of North American adults with ARC with/without asthma. METHODS: 438 subjects received once-daily 2800 BAU-standardized grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T, ∼15μg Phl p 5) a median of 16 weeks before and throughout GPS. pGPS was defined as the 15-consecutive-day period with the highest moving average pollen count. Daily symptom score (DSS), daily medication score (DMS), total combined score (TCS= DSS+DMS), and Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire with standardized activities (RQLQ[S]) score were assessed. Adverse events were monitored for safety. RESULTS: 85% of subjects were multisensitized. Mean pollen counts (grains/m3/d) were: GPS=27, pGPS=48. During pGPS, observed changes in TCS, DSS, DMS, and RQLQ[S] for grass AIT subjects vs placebo were: 21% (P=0.01), 21% (P=0.003), 22% (P=0.21), and 27% (P=0.01). During entire GPS, observed changes in TCS, DSS, DMS, and RQLQ[S] for grass AIT subjects vs placebo were: 20% (P=0.005), 18% (P=0.02), 26% (P=0.08), and 17% (P=0.02). Grass AIT treatment was welltolerated, with no systemic allergic reactions, anaphylactic shocks, or respiratory compromise reported. CONCLUSIONS: The effectiveness of Timothy grass AIT during pGPS, when pollen counts are highest and symptoms may be most severe, is comparable with or improved over that of the entire GPS. Grass AIT may provide a safe and effective new modality for treating patients with Timothy (and other cross-reactive Festucoideae) grass pollen-induced ARC.
Evidence for species-related differences between grass pollen allergens: Implications for immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Allergic patients from North America and Europe are con-comitantly exposed and sensitized to grass pollens from multiple Pooideae species. Beyond a significant IgE cross-reactivity, allergens from distinct grass species display differences in T and B cell epitopes. Understanding such molecular differences is critical to design optimal allergen extracts for immunotherapy. METHODS: Purified group 1 and group 5 allergens from cocksfoot, timothy, rye-grass, sweet vernal grass and meadow grass pollens were characterized using mass spectrometry. T cell and IgE reactivities were analysed by cytofluorometry and competitive ELISA assays, respectively. Antibodies were raised against group 2, 3, 4, 6, 11 and 12 allergens. RESULTS: Group 1 and 5 allergens exhibit considerable intra-and inter-species variability regarding primary amino acid sequences and post-translational modifications, with 5-10 and 30-50 predominant isoforms, respectively, found in each species. 85% of patients, have CD4+ T cell or IgE responses against species-restricted or semi-restricted epitopes. IgG and IgE directed to group 2-4, 6, 11 and 12 allergens also recognize species-restricted epitopes. Comparative proteomic analyses identify multiple allergen isoforms, such as Lol p 2 and Phl p 6 as species-specific. Importantly, 5 to 10 fold quantitative differences are commonly found between grass species regarding their content in each of those allergens. CONCLUSIONS: Substantial qualitative and quantitative differences are found, for both major and minor allergens, between pollens from common grasses, translating into species-restricted or-semi-restricted T/B cell epitopes. This confirms the pertinence of combining pollens from multiple grasses for immunotherapy, in order to mimick natural exposure conditions.
Impact of allergen specific immunotherapy and bacteriaderived immunomodulator on subpopulations of lymphocytes and cytokine synthesis in patients with respiratory allergies; RATIONALE: This study assesses allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) together with bacteria-derived liquid inducer of interferon (BLI: Kazakhstan registration number RK-BP-3-000212
Ex vivo characterization of the CD4+ T cell response to Ara h 1; RATIONALE: Peanut allergy is life-threatening and is becoming increasingly common. Oral immunotherapy using peanut proteins is efficacious but has considerable adverse effects. Knowledge of T cell epitopes could facilitate the development of safer vaccines based on recombinant hypoallergens or T cell epitopes. METHODS: Tetramer Guided Epitope Mapping was used to identify CD4+ T cell epitopes in the peanut allergen Ara h 1. PE-labeled tetramers of MHC class II molecules were then loaded with these antigenic Ara h 1 peptides and were used to stain PBMC from peanut-allergic human donors directly ex vivo. The ex vivo frequencies and surface marker expression of these cells were examined following anti-PE bead enrichment. RESULTS: We examined cells specific for 12 unique Ara h 1 epitopes among the MHC class II alleles DRB1∗0101, ∗0401, ∗0404, ∗1101, ∗1401 and DRB5. In peanut-allergic subjects, these cells express CD45RO, CD25 and CCR4, but not CRTH2, ex vivo and are present at a range of frequencies with a mean average of 9 per million CD4+ T cells. CONCLUSIONS: CD4+ T cells in peanut-allergic subjects recognize a variety of epitopes within the Ara h 1 protein. These are memory cells but they do not express CRTH2 ex vivo, distinguishing them from cells specific for other allergens such as grass and tree pollens.
Days with severe symptoms: An additional efficacy endpoint in immunotherapy trials; Background: In immunotherapy trials, primary and secondary endpoints often focus on average symptom and medication scores during the pollen season or on days with low symptoms and low medication use. Thus, there is a need for endpoints describing the treatment effect on the most troublesome days in the pollen season. Aims of the study: A possible additional efficacy endpoint, days with severe symptoms during the pollen season, was investigated using data from a multicentre, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) (Grazax, Phleum pratense, 75 000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Hørsholm, Denmark). Methods: The trial included 634 subjects (NGrass AIT = 316
Allergy immunotherapy tablet: Grazax® for the treatment of grass pollen allergy; Immunotherapy is the only treatment for allergy that alters the natural course of this disease. Sublingual immunotherapy has been developed to make immunotherapy more suitable for allergic patients. In the largest clinical program ever conducted with grass allergen-specific immunotherapy, over 2000 adults and more than 500 children have been exposed to Grazax® (ALK-Abello A/S, Hoersholm, Denmark). Grazax is an oral lyophilisate tablet (allergy immunotherapy tablet [AIT]) for sublingual administration, containing 75,000 standardized quality tablet units of allergen extract of grass pollen (Phleum pratense). Grazax is indicated for treatment of grass pollen-induced rhinitis and conjunctivitis in adult and pediatric patients. Results from the GT-08 trial (first, second and third treatment years) showed a reduction of 31, 36 and 29%, respectively, in symptom scores and a reduction of 38, 45 and 40% of medication scores, respectively, compared with placebo. Subjects treated with Grazax also had an increased number of well days and a relevant improvement in quality of life. More subjects experienced excellent and complete rhinoconjunctivitis control in comparison with patients treated with symptomatic medications only. Grazax treatment is also associated with a sustained and relevant increase of specific IgG4. This increase is also observed after stopping AIT treatment. The most common adverse events related to Grazax treatment are local reactions, such as oral itch, edema of the mouth, ear pruritus, throat irritation and sneezing. Clinical efficacy of Grazax is observed also after 1 and 2 years of follow-up after stopping the AIT treatment. Grazax is efficacious and safe for treatment of grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis in both adults and children. Grazax is the first AIT showing a disease-modifying effect on grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjuctivitis. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets in North American children and adolescents; Background: Allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) treatment might be a safe and convenient form of specific immunotherapy but it has not been investigated in North American children and adolescents. Objective: We sought to investigate the efficacy and safety of timothy grass AIT treatment in North American children/adolescents with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) with or without asthma. Methods: Three hundred forty-five subjects (5-17 years old) were randomized to once-daily grass AIT treatment (2,800 bioequivalent allergen units, 75,000 standardized quality tablet, approximately 15 μg of Phl p 5) or placebo approximately 16 weeks before the 2009 grass pollen season (GPS). Treatment continued through the GPS. Daily symptoms and allergy rescue medication use were recorded. The primary end point was the total combined score (TCS) of the daily symptom score (DSS) and daily medication score (DMS) for the entire GPS. DSS, DMS, Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire score, and Phl p 5-specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor levels were secondary end points. Safety was assessed through adverse events. Results: Eighty-nine percent of subjects were multisensitized. TCS, DSS, DMS, and Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire score versus placebo improved 26% (P = .001), 25% (P = .005), 81% (P = .006), and 18% (P = .04). Phl p 5-specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor levels were significantly higher at the peak and end of the GPS (P < .001). Treatment was well tolerated. Adverse events were generally mild and transient. Although no investigator-assessed systemic allergic reactions were reported, 1 grass AIT-treated subject experienced an event indicating a systemic reaction (lip angioedema, dysphagia, and cough). Conclusions: Use of once-daily timothy grass AIT treatment effectively treats timothy grass (cross-reactive with Festucoideae grasses) pollen-induced ARC in North American children 5 years and older. Given its convenient administration, lack of dose build-up requirement, safety profile, and efficacy, AIT treatment might become an important addition to the North American ARC treatment armamentarium. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment in North American adults; Background: Immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) in North America is generally administered subcutaneously, but alternative formulations might be safer and more convenient. Trials of sublingual formulations in North America are needed to confirm European efficacy and safety data. Objective: We sought to investigate the efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) treatment in North American subjects with ARC. Methods: Four hundred thirty-nine adults with grass pollen-induced ARC with or without asthma were randomized to once-daily 2,800 bioequivalent allergen units of standardized grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 75,000 standardized quality tablet, containing approximately 15 μg of Phl p 5) or placebo approximately 16 weeks before the 2009 grass pollen season (GPS). The primary end point was the average total combined score of the daily symptom score and the daily medication score during the GPS. Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire with standardized activities (RQLQ[S]) scores, Phl p 5-specific IgG4 levels, and IgE-blocking factor levels were additional end points. Adverse events (AEs) were monitored for safety. Results: Relative to placebo, grass AIT treatment improved total combined scores by 20% (P = .005), daily symptom scores by 18% (P = .02), and RQLQ(S) scores by 17% (P = .02). Daily medication scores were improved by 26% and trended toward significance (P = .08). Phl p 5-specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor levels were higher after grass AIT treatment compared with those after placebo at the end of the GPS (P < .001). Grass AIT treatment was safe and well tolerated. The majority of AEs were transient mild local reactions with no investigator-diagnosed grass AIT-related serious AEs or reports of anaphylactic shock/respiratory compromise. In the grass AIT group, 1 subject received epinephrine after experiencing a possible grade 1 systemic reaction (local site reactions, chest discomfort, and rash). Conclusions: Timothy grass AIT treatment (cross-reactive with related Pooideae grasses) was demonstrated to be effective, generally safe, and well tolerated in North American adults with grass pollen-induced ARC. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Sublingual immunotherapy is effective and safe in children; Introduction. The results of recent metaanalyses showed the effectiveness of SLIT (sublingual immunotherapy) in allergic rhinitis and asthma in children allergic to grass pollen. However, in some metaanalyses high variability of the results of these trials weaken the power of conclusion. In the present study we used the highest dose of extract (of the ones registered in Poland). Aim of the study. To study the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy given pre-coseasonally (starting before the pollen season and continuing until the end of it) and its effect on inflammatory parameters in children with rhinitis allergic to grass pollen. Materials and methods. Thirty children, recruited from our outpatient allergy clinic, with rhinitis, sensitive to grass pollen, participated in the 2-year prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. All patients were randomized according to a computer-generated allocation schedule into the two treatment arms: the pre-coseasonal SLIT group (n= 15) (Staloral 300 IR, Stallergenes), and the placebo group (n=15). We analyzed the effect of SLIT on allergic rhinitis and ocular symptoms, the use of rescue medication, lung function, FENO and bronchial hyperreactivity. Results. In the second year of immunotherapy we observed the reduction of nasal and ocular symptoms, significant decrease in the use of rescue medication and FeNO level as compared to the placebo group and to the first year of immunotherapy. We did not observe any significant changes in the lung function and bronchial hyperreactivity after immunotherapy. Conclusions. The applied regimen of SLIT was effective and safe in children with rhinitis allergic to grass pollen. The results suggest that the measurement of FENO level is clinically useful in monitoring SLIT in children. © Alergia Astma Immunologia 2011.
Future forms of immunotherapy; Allergic respiratory diseases affect approximately 15% of the US population. Allergen immunotherapy has been a treatment option for diseases such as allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma, and venom allergy for the last 100 years. During the first 75 years, conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy did not change much. However, the last 25 years has seen substantial growth in the development of alternatives to conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy. The addition of omalizumab, an anti-IgE mAb, to immunotherapy offers the potential for increased safety and efficacy. Activation of the innate immune system through Toll-like receptor agonists with and without specific allergens appears to improve the immunologic responses and clinical outcomes in patients with allergic diseases. The use of chemically altered allergens, allergoids, recombinant allergens, and relevant T-cell epitope peptides are all approaches that have yielded positive results. Finally, alternative modes of delivery hold promise, with sublingual immunotherapy rapidly approaching mainstream use in many countries. One thing is clear: the next century of immunotherapy will be vastly different from today's current standard of care. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
The consolidated standards of reporting trials (CONSORT) statement applied to allergen-specific immunotherapy with inhalant allergens: A global allergy and asthma European network (GA2LEN) article; Background: Randomized trials provide evidence to inform treatment decisions. The Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) Statement is a set of recommendations for the reporting of trials. Objective: We sought to assess the quality of reporting allergen-specific immunotherapy trials according to CONSORT criteria. Methods: The reporting of the procedure, randomization, dropouts, strict conduct of intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis, and sample size calculation according to CONSORT were assessed in the 46 subcutaneous and 48 sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) blind, placebo-controlled randomized trials published between 1996 and 2009 in English. Results: One subcutaneous immunotherapy (2.2%) and 3 SLIT (6.6%) trials met CONSORT Statement criteria. These were used for the registration of sublingual tablets to the European Medicines Agency. In subcutaneous immunotherapy, 16 (35%) studies reported a CONSORT flow chart, and 12 (26%) provided a description of dropouts. Adequate randomization was reported in 9 (35%) studies, and incomplete randomization was reported in 15 (33%). Power analysis was reported in 15 (33%) studies. In SLIT, 20 (42%) studies reported a CONSORT flow chart, and 16 (32%) a description of dropouts. ITT analysis was carried out in 1 (2.2%) SLIT study, and a modified ITT analysis was used in 1 (2.2%) subcutaneous immunotherapy study and 2 (4.4%) SLIT studies. Adequate randomization was reported in 6 (12%) studies, and incomplete randomization was reported in 16 (32%). Power analysis was reported in 15 (27%) studies. Conclusion: As in other areas of medicine, the quality of reporting of most immunotherapy trials is low, and only 4.2% of SLIT randomized controlled trials met all of the criteria of the CONSORT Statement. Use of the CONSORT criteria should be encouraged. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis: A review of treatment practices in the US and Europe; Background: Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy (SCIT) is claimed to be successful both in the US and Europe, yet treatment methodology differs. Methods: The authors review current literature surrounding guidelines and clinical trials in Europe and the US and contrast the treatment approach to SCIT for allergic rhinitis. Search methodology employs MEDLINE and PubMed, selecting articles on SCIT and allergic rhinitis, limited between 19902009. They focus on the safety and efficacy of vaccines, and the differences in formulations. Also mentioned are: standardization, new approaches in SCIT and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Results: SCIT treatment differs in many respects regarding availability of SCIT products, regulatory controls, guidelines (e.g. multiple allergen vaccines in US, single allergen vaccines in Europe) and in location of formulation (US, clinician's office
Safety of ultra-rush titration of sublingual immunotherapy in asthmatic children with tree-pollen allergy; The recommendation to use sublingual-swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) in children and adults with allergic rhinitis has been established over the past decade. Recently, ultra-rush titration of SLIT has become more and more common, raising concerns about its safety in children with asthma. Fifty-four children with asthma and adolescents aged 6-14 with documented allergic disease because of tree pollen (birch and possibly alder and/or hazel) from 14 study centers in Germany participated in a randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled study. Twenty-seven were randomized to receive SLIT with standardized birch pollen allergen extract and the other 27 to receive placebo. An ultra-rush high-dose SLIT titration regimen reaching the maintenance dose of 300 index of reactivity (IR) within 90 min (30-90-150-300 IR) was used. The difference in mean PFR changes during ultra-rush titration between SLIT and placebo was not significant (p = 0.056). A 95% probability that SLIT does not decrease PFR during ultra-rush titration was demonstrated. Neither anaphylactic shock nor else serious systemic reactions to the study drug occurred. No serious adverse event assessed by the investigator as related to study drug treatment was reported. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
In vivo and in vitro immunological changes induced by a short course of grass allergy immunotherapy tablets; Background: The fast-dissolving grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grass AIT), Grazax, has proven effective in grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Objective: To investigate the immunological and cutaneous changes induced after a short course with grass AIT. Methods: We performed a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial with 78 patients randomly assigned to receive either grass AIT or placebo in a 2:1 ratio. Treatment lasted at least 8 weeks before the grass pollen season (GPS), and continued until the season finished. Specific immunoglobulin (Ig) G4, IgE, and IgE-blocking factor to Phleum pratense were measured at the beginning of the trial and at different intervals during treatment. Immediate and delayed skin tests with P pratense were also performed. Safety endpoints were defi ned in terms of adverse events reported. Results: A total of 75 patients completed the trial (50 active and 25 placebo). P pratense IgG4, IgE, and IgE-blocking factor in actively treated patients increased significantly from baseline to the start of the GPS compared to placebo (P>.001, P=.017, and P=.005, respectively) The immediate cutaneous response was reduced during therapy in actively treated subjects, whereas placebo-treated subjects showed a decrease only after the start of the GPS. The delayed response to the intradermal test in grass AIT-treated subjects diminished, although not in a significantly different way from the placebo-treated subjects. Conclusion: Treatment with grass AIT for grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis induces immunological changes after only 1 month of treatment. © 2010 Esmon Publicidad.
Practical aspects in sublingual specific immunotherapy; Sublingual specific immunotherapy against grass pollen is safe and effective, but not without any side effects. Careful education with the whole family when planning the therapy supports good adherence over the following years. During the whole therapy a close contact between the family and the pediatric allergist must be kept.
The rhinasthma GAV scores without SLIT, at the beginning and at the end of seasonal SLIT; Background: The impact of treatments for allergic rhinitis on health-related quality of life (HRQL) becomes more and more important in the view of patients, physicians and payers, but not much is known about the effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on this outcome parameter. Methods: In a prospective observational study, health-related quality of life was assessed with the German adapted version of a new specific questionnaire (RHINASTHMA GAV) in patients with allergic rhinitis with or without mild to moderate asthma due to grass, cereal, and/or rye pollen who were treated with seasonal high-dose SLIT with standardized allergen extracts. Results: 358 patients aged 5 - 68 years, mean ± SD disease duration of 8.8 ± 9.2 years were evaluated. During SLIT, the mean total score and all 5 mean sub-scale scores were substantially reduced by 36% to 55%. Subgroup analyses did not reveal any clinically relevant deviations from the results in the total study population. At the end of SLIT, mean total score and sub-scale scores were virtually identical to those scores assessed during the validation procedure of RHINASTHMA GAV in healthy subjects without rhinitis, conjunctivitis, or asthma. These improvements in HRQL during SLIT were paralleled by substantially reduced disease-related burden, in terms of symptom scores and health-related impairment in daily life and at work. Conclusion: The improvement in HRQL during seasonal SLIT was clinically relevant and reached scores close to normal already in the first pollen season.
One-year follow-up of clinical and inflammatory parameters in children allergic to grass pollen receiving high-dose ultrarush sublingual immunotherapy; Background: In a previous double-blind placebo-controlled study, we analyzed a high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) ultrarush protocol in asthmatic children monosensitized to grass pollen. In the present open-label study, we assessed the effect of SLIT on symptom score and nonspecific bronchial hyperreactivity in the same cohort followed for 1 subsequent year. Methods: The study population comprised 35 children who were enrolled in our previous study. Placebo-treated patients were switched to active treatment
Oraliar - Subliguai tablets in specific allergen immunotherapy for Hey fever/grass pollen fever; Allergic Rhinitis or Hay fever is the important part of civilisational airway diseases. The only causal therapy of these allergic diseases is specific allergen's immunotherapy. The impotrant progress in this therapy today is tablete form of specific allergen's imunotherapy. It represents first sublingual tablet in Slovak Republic, which we are discussing in our article.
Development of a sublingual allergy vaccinefor grass pollinosis; Grass pollen is a very common cause of allergic rhinitis and asthma. The onlytreatment targeting the underlying causes of allergy is immunotherapy (IT). Sublingualimmunotherapy (SLIT) has been introduced to solve the problem of systemic reactions tosubcutaneous IT (SCIT). This article evaluates the characteristics of the allergen extract,Staloral, in terms of practical administration, effectiveness, safety, and mechanism of action.Efficacy data were obtained from double-blind, placebo-controlled studies using Staloral inpatients sensitized to grass pollen, while practical administration, cost-effectiveness, andmechanism of action data were provided by well designed studies. The efficacy and safety ofStaloral, as demonstrated by review of published studies which used doses up to 1125 timesthose administered with SCIT, shows that this allergen extract has optimal characteristics fortreating patients with seasonal allergies due to grass pollens. The main mechanism of actionis the interaction between dendritic cells of the oral mucosa and the subsequent toleranceinduced in T-cells. 2010 Frati et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Safety and efficacy of two days of rush immunotherapy among patients with allergic rhinitis and Asthma; This study was done to assess the safety and efficacy of rush immunotherapy (RIT), and was conducted in the Allergy Centre of Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences Hospital & Research Centre, Bangalore, India. Twenty patients in the age group of 18-50 years were included, of which thirteen patients had allergic rhinitis, and seven patients had allergic rhinitis with asthma. All of these patients were positive for skin prick test for house dust, dust mites, tree pollens, grass pollens, and weed pollens, either singly or in combination. They received RIT as per the protocol. Among these patients, the safety of RIT was assessed based on reactions during RIT and efficacy was assessed by estimating total serum IgE and IgG at baseline, after two weeks, and after six weeks. Local reactions were observed in five patients, which subsided without any medication. Systemic reaction was observed only in one patient following a 9th injection on Day 2. This patient responded satisfactorily to Inj. Chlorpheniramine maleate, Inj. Hydrocortisone, and Oxygen inhalation and completed RIT. Late systemic reactions were not noted in any of the patients. Estimation of total serum IgE showed a significant reduction and total serum IgG showed a significant increase after six weeks. It was concluded that rush immunotherapy was tolerated by most patients with a systemic reaction rate comparable to conventional immunotherapy. All patients were able to reach maintenance dose months sooner than weekly schedules. With refinement of this procedure, Rush Immunotherapy may become a widely used method for desensitizing patients with inhalant allergens, and could make immunotherapy less expensive and more convenient to the patients.
Interactions between upper and lower airway; It is not routine to treat nasal symptoms in asthma yet it should be considered. The airway is a continuous structure extending from the nasal vestibule to the alveoli, with the same pseudostratified ciliated columnar epithelium along much of its length. Airways disease often does not conform to specific anatomical regions: upper and lower airway disease often coexists, with upper airway involvement often preceding that of the lower airway and even determining severity of disease and quality of life. The nose filters, warms and humidifies over 10 000 L of air daily and bears the brunt of environmental contact as the site of allergen, microbial and particle deposition. Effective mucociliary clearance is needed for good respiratory health: evidenced by defects as in primary ciliary dyskinesia (PCD) and cystic fibrosis where sinus disease is almost universal. Rhinitis, whether allergic or non- allergic, predisposes to asthma with an odds ratio of 3. Early diagnosis with either removal from allergen exposure or immunotherapy could probably prevent asthma, as has been shown for grass pollen allergic children. Most asthmatics have rhinitis: upper airways inflammation is demonstrable even in those without nasal symptoms. The reverse is also true- possibly since nasal allergen challenge causes eosinophil ingress to both nose and bronchi and vice versa. Seasonal allergic rhinitis is associated with increased lower airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR), treatable by reducing nasal inflammation. The same dose of corticosteroid is more effective in reducing AHR when applied nasally than when inhaled. Most paediatric asthma exacerbations begin in the upper airway with a viral cold. Synergy exists between viral and allergic inflammation: with a high risk of hospitalization for asthma in the allergic child exposed to both relevant allergen plus rhinovirus. The reduction of nasal inflammation in allergic children by regular intranasal corticosteroid should ameliorate the effects of intermittent colds .Large scale retrospective series showed benefits to asthma by treatment of associated rhinitis: including reduced emergency visits, hospitalization or both. Large well-designed prospective studies of rhinitis treatment in asthma are needed as well as studies looking at effective control of rhinitis in asthma prevention.
Sublingual immunotherapy in polysensitized patients: Effect on quality of life; Background: Quality of life (QOL) is an important issue in allergic rhinitis and has been evaluated in a number of studies that have shown how it is impaired in untreated patients and improved by effective treatment. However, there are no data concerning QOL after sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in polysensitized patients. Objective: To evaluate the effect, in real-life clinical practice, of SLIT on QOL in a population of polysensitized patients with allergic rhinitis. Methods: We prospectively evaluated 167 consecutively enrolled polysensitized patients with allergic rhinitis. QOL was measured in all cases with the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire at baseline and after 1 year of SLIT (performed in approximately 70% of cases using single allergen extracts provided by the same manufacturer). Results: The most frequent causes of sensitization were grass pollen, Parietaria, and house dust mites. The mean number of sensitizations per patient was 3.65. SLIT was performed with 1 extract in 123 patients (73.6%), with 2 extracts in 31 patients (18.6%), and with more than 2 extracts in 13 patients (7.8%). The mean values of all the QOL items improved significantly (P<.01 in all cases), with the following reductions noted: activities, 3.96 to 2.89
Effect on cell surface markers following allergen-induced desensitization of human whole-blood basophils; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) leads to reduced symptoms upon allergen exposure through as yet unresolved mechanisms. Desensitization of basophils to specific allergens during the updosing phase of injection immunotherapy may contribute to the clinical effect of SIT. Here we report a protocol for efficient in vitro allergen-mediated desensitization of basophils in whole blood and the effect of desensitization on the expression of basophil activation markers (CD203c and CD63) as well as histamine release in response to allergen challenge. Methods: Whole blood from grass pollen-allergic subjects was incubated with Phleum pratense extract by stepwise increase of the allergen concentration in the culture from well below to well above the allergen threshold concentration for activation of basophils. Desensitization was determined by measuring the expression of the basophil activation markers CD63 and CD203c by FACS following challenge with high allergen concentrations. Results: The basophil desensitization protocol reported here affected both the expression of the cell-surface markers and the levels of histamine release. Following the stepwise desensitization procedure the whole-blood basophils were not activated when challenged with more than 10-fold increased allergen concentration. Conclusion: We have established a protocol for basophil desensitization. By mimicking the updosing phase of immunotherapy we raised the allergen threshold for basophil activation and obtained efficient desensitization for all donors. We showed that conditions leading to desensitization affect histamine release and expression of different basophil markers alike. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Efficacy and safety of grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) in a North American pediatric population; Background: A number of immunological changes have been previously reported in subjects undergoing specific immunotherapy, particularly changes in allergen specific antibody responses. A phase 3, randomized trial was conducted to investigate the efficacy and tolerability of a new grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) and its effects on IgG4 levels and IgE blocking factor in North American children. Methods: IRB approval was obtained at all sites and written informed consent obtained from subjects/legal guardians. 345 children (5-17 yrs) with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized 1:1 to once-daily 2800 BAU grass AIT (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense) or placebo (PBO) beginning approximately 16 weeks before and continuing through the 2009 grass pollen season (GPS). The primary efficacy endpoint was the total combined daily symptom and medication score (TCS). Secondary endpoints were daily symptom score (DSS), daily medication score (DMS), and the Pediatric or Adolescent Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaires (RQLQ). Specific IgG4 levels and IgE-blocking factor were measured before, during, and at the end of GPS. Safety was assessed by adverse events (AEs). Results: The mean GPS lasted 43 days (mean grass pollen count 28 grains/m3). 89% of subjects were multisensitized. AIT treatment yielded significant improvements relative to PBO in TCS (26%, P=0.001), DSS (25%, P=0.004), DMS (66%, P=0.006), and RQLQ (18%, P=0.028). The effect of grassAIT on IgG4 levels was significantly greater compared with PBO at peak season (P<0.001) and increased through the end of GPS (P<0.001). Similarly, the effect of grass AIT on IgE blocking factor was significantly greater compared with PBO at peak season (P<0.001) and was sustained through the end of GPS. The majority of treatment-related AEs were local, application site reactions. Conclusions: We report the first successful phase III pediatric grass AIT trial in North America. Once-daily administration of grass AIT is effective and well-tolerated, representing a new therapeutic modality for children with grass pollen-induced allergy. The effect of treatment on the immune system was confirmed by the changes in immunologic parameters, specifically increases in specific IgG4 and IgE blocking factor.
Safety and tolerability of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in adults and children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: Post hoc analysis of 7 clinical trials; Background: The safety of sublingual allergen immunotherapy is of primary importance for its widespread use in clinical practice. Methods: Pooled analyses of data from subjects with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis enrolled in 7 randomized, double-blind, placebo (PBO)-controlled trials (5 phase 2/3 adult
Disease-modifying effect of the sq-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet is sustained and significant 2 year safter end of treatment; Background: The sustained efficacy 2 years after completion of 3 years of treatment with the fast-dissolving SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) was investigated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III trial in Europe. The trial included adult subjects, with a history of moderate to severe grass pollen allergy inadequately controlled by symptomatic medications. Methods: The analyses are based on the full analysis set (with no imputation of missing data). 238 subjects completed 5 years of the trial. Approval was obtained from the local ethics committees and written informed consent was obtained from all subjects. Predefined secondary endpoints included 2 combined rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores: 1) weighted symptoms according to medication use and 2) sum of scores. Results: The efficacy was sustained 2 years after end of treatment for both combined scores. The treatment effect (reduction in combined score relative to placebo) was significant (all p<0.001) and similar during the 3 treatment years and 2 follow-up years (i.e. p=0.60 and p=0.15 for treatment∗ year interaction for weighted and sum combined score, respectively). The average treatment effect for all 5 years was 35% (CI [28%
Safety of dual allergen sublingual immunotherapy in subjects with dermatophagoides farinae and timothy grass allergy; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (AR) is a prevalent disease with significant morbidity. Most AR treatment provides symptomatic relief, while allergy immunotherapy effectively modulates disease course. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) decreases symptom scores and medication use. Most SLIT studies have investigated the use of one allergen. We sought to evaluate the safety of dual allergen SLIT in patients with Dermatophagoides farinae (DF) and Timothy Grass (TG) sensitivity. Methods: This is a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study in subjects with DF and TG allergy based on skin prick test. At the preliminary dosing visit subjects received escalating doses of SLIT to a maximum dose (2,800 DF AU
Atopy and AERD; Introduction: To determine the rate of atopy in patients with AERD (aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease) and to determine whether atopy affects the response to aspirin desensitization. Methods: Inclusion criteria include patients 18 years or older with a clinical diagnosis of AERD who presented for aspirin desensitization. Subjects on omalizumab, with a history of allergen immunotherapy, or with a negative histamine control were excluded. Subjects underwent 8 skin prick tests to a total of 33 common aeroallergens. Results: From our initial patient population who presented for aspirin desensitization (n=22), 8 of them were found to be atopic. Interestingly, the most common causative allergens were found to be grass pollen, cat and dust mite. In addition to those with positive skin tests, if patients who are currently or were previously on immunotherapy are included in our study, the total number of patients would increase to 30. Of those, 15 are likely to be atopic (50%). Finally, if we include patients with positive skin test, history or current IT and currently on xolair, our presumed rate of atopy would be 16 of 31 (52%). Conclusion: Although included as a secondary data set in other studies, our study is the first prospective evaluation of the prevalence of atopy in patients with AERD. In this preliminary evaluation of the data, the rate of atopy appears to be approximately 52 %. This includes patients who are either skin positive or have been given specific allergen treatment in the form of immunotherapy or omalizumab at some time point. Intradermal testing was not performed. Intradermal testing likely would have detected more sensitized patients, but with decreased certainty as to the clinical relevance. Further study should clarify the rate of atopy in the AERD population. Atopy and AERD frequently co-exist. It is likely that a treatment plan which does not include aggressive management of allergic disease will be less effective.
Eosinophilic cystitis treated with allergen immunotherapy; A 13-year-old girl was taken to Mayo Clinic with a 2 year history of urinary frequency, suprapubic pressure, pain during most episodes of urination. She voided 7-8 per day, but did not feel like she completely emptied her bladder. She had a cystoscopy and biopsy was done. Received a call a few days later that the biopsy was consistent with eosinophilic infiltrate of the bladder. Her parents were told to take her to an allergist close by for work-up. She came to our office on December 13, 2005 with a history of severe colic as an infant, allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with reactive airway disease. She had seasonal exacerbation, which started at age 2 years old when her father took her with him in the tractor during harvest time. Skin tests revealed sensitivity to molds, weeds, dust, grass, trees, animal danders, dust mite and several of the foods tested. She was treated with medications, environmental control, diet and started on immunotherapy. After immunotherapy was started her bladder symptoms receded. She was receiving build up injections at weekly intervals
Safety of Timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in North American adults and children; Introduction: Immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (AR) via sublingual tablets may be safer, and more convenient than immunotherapy via subcutaneous injection. We report adverse events (AEs) from 2 clinical trials (1 adult
Assessment of sustained efficacy and safety of a 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet (SLIT) in adults with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during a 3-year treatment study; Background: In single-season clinical trials, once-daily pre-coseasonal treatment with a 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet was shown to be safe and effective in adults and children. The aim of this study was to evaluate the sustained efficacy and safety of pre-coseasonal treatment with 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet in adults with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: 633 patients aged between 18 and 51 years were included in a DBPC, international, multi-centre Phase III trial to evaluate the sustained efficacy and safety of the 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet over 3 consecutive seasons. Patients were randomized to a placebo and 2 active groups, receiving either 4 or 2 months of pre-seasonal treatment and co-seasonal treatment. Use of rescue medication was permitted. The primary efficacy endpoint was the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AAdSS, a score that integrates the symptoms and rescue medication use) over the 3rd pollen season. Results: 457 patients completed 3 consecutive seasons (2007, 2008 and 2009). Preliminary results of the 3rd pollen period showed a meanAAdSS±SD of 3.51±3.68 and 3.39±3.23 for the 4 and 2 months pre-seasonal treatment groups respectively, compared with 5.28±3.95 in placebo group. The efficacy of 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet seems to increase at every season, reaching a meanAAdSS improvement vs. placebo of 34% (median = 48%) in season 3 (4-month pre-seasonal treatment group). In this group, the mean AAdSS±SD was 3.79±3.95 in monosensitized patients and 3.31±3.49 in polysensitized patients. The treatment effect seemed to appear at lower pollen levels in the 2nd and 3rd seasons (booster effect). Treatment-related adverse events were mostly transient and mild to moderate in intensity, and their number decreased in the 2nd and 3rd treatment seasons. Conclusion: Three years of pre-coseasonal treatment with a 300IR 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet showed a sustained effect with statistical and clinically significant improvement of rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms in adults and a booster effect was observed. Efficacy was good in mono and in polysensitized patients. A potentially disease-modifying effect is now being investigated by discontinuing the SLIT and scoring the patients' symptoms for 2 additional seasons.
Efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in North American adults; Background: Until now, the efficacy of grass sublingual immunotherapy has not been demonstrated in North America. This phase III trial investigated the efficacy and safety of daily administration of grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) (oral lyophilisate, Phleum pratense, 2800 BAU) in allergic rhinocon-junctivitis (AR) subjects with or without asthma. Methods: 439 adults with Timothy grass pollen-induced AR were randomized 1:1 to once-daily grass AIT or placebo for approximately 16 weeks before and during the 2009 grass pollen season (GPS). Subjects used daily e-diaries to record AR symptoms from randomization through the end of the study. The use of symptomatic medications was also recorded in the e-diary during the GPS. The primary efficacy endpoint comprised the average total combined daily symptom and medication score (TCS) during the entire GPS. Key secondary endpoints were individual daily symptom score (DSS), daily medication score (DMS), and Rhinocon-junctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ[S]) with standardized activities. Immunologic endpoints included specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor. Safety was assessed by monitoring adverse events (AEs). IRB approval was obtained for all sites, and each subject provided written informed consent. Results: 85% of the subjects were multisensitized. The grass AIT group showed a mean 20% improvement in TCS compared with the placebo group (P=0.005). Similar positive outcomes in the AIT group relative to placebo were demonstrated for the DSS (18%, P=0.015), DMS (26%, P=0.084), and RQLQ(S) (17%, P=0.022). In the grass AIT group, significant increases in IgG4 and IgE blocking factor were observed at peak and end of GPS compared with placebo (P<0.001). The majority of AEs were mild local application site reactions that were transient in nature, with no treatment-related serious AEs in active subjects, one treatment-related serious AE in a placebo subject, and no reports of anaphylactic shock. Conclusions: Grass AIT is effective in a predominantly multisensitized North American adult population with Timothy grass pollen-induced AR. Once-daily administration of grass AIT was well tolerated and will provide a new therapeutic modality for patients with Timothy and related grass pollen-induced allergy.
Carbamylated monoid allergoids as a new therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of mite- and grass-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis - A systematic review of published trials using Lais® tablets; Lais® allergoid tablets contain allergens, which are modified by carbamylation. Due to their modified chemical structure they are suitable for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Based on their small molecule size of 12-40 kDa, they can be absorbed easily via the oral mucosa. In this review, the efficacy of SLIT with carbamylated monoid allergoid tablets on the treatment of grass pollen- and mite-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis was studied on the basis of symptom score and medication score improvement. Following a selective internet and databank search, six trials - in part also placebo-controlled - on the treatment of grass pollen- (n = 266) and mite-induced (n = 241) allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were suitable for conclusions regarding the clinical efficacy of allergoid tablets. The primary endpoints in these trials were the decrease in the need for antiall ergic medication and/or the reduction in the occurrence of rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms. Following data concerning symptoms and medication recorded in patient diaries, conclusions could be made about the effectiveness and tolerance of Lais® tablets. The average improvement of the symptom score for three trials on the treatment of grass pollen all ergy was 34% in comparison to improvement under placebo. For the treatment of mite-induced rhinoconjunctivitis, an average symptom score improvement of 22% became apparent compared to the placebo or control group. The intake of symptomatic PRN medication under therapy with allergoid tablets declined during the course of therapy. Under treatment of grass pollen allergy, the medication score improved by an average of 49% and by 24% in the treatment of mite-induced rhinoconjunctivitis as opposed to placebo or control. Only few side effects have been documented in trials and predominantly local effects have been observed. Severe systemic side effects did not occur. On the basis of the trial results summarized in this review, it can be suggested that SLIT with Lais® sublingual tablets is an effective and well-tolerated form of treatment.
Carbamylated monomelic allergoids as a therapeutic option for sublingual immunotherapy of dust mite- and grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: A systematic review of published trials with a meta-analysis of treatment using Lais® tablets; Lais® allergoid tablets contain allergens that are modified by carbamylation. Due to their modified chemical structure, they are suitable for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) (13, 16, 17, 24). Based on their small molecule size of 12 to 40 kDa, they can be easily absorbed via the oral mucosa (1). In this review, we studied the efficacy of SLIT with carbamylated monomeric allergoid tablets in the treatment of grass pollen- and dust mite-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis on the basis of symptom and medication score improvements. Following a selective internet and databank search, six trials - some placebo-controlled - regarding the treatment of grass pollen- (n = 266) and dust mite-induced (n = 241) allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were used to draw conclusions regarding the clinical efficacy of allergoid tablets. The primary endpoints in these trials were decreases in the need for allergy medications and/or reductions in the occurrence of rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms. Data was recorded from patient diaries regarding their symptoms and medications used and conclusions were then drawn about the effectiveness of and tolerance to Lais® tablets. The average improvement in symptom score in three trials of grass pollen allergy treatment was 34% in comparison to the placebo group. The treatment of dust mite-induced rhinoconjunctivitis produced an average symptom score improvement of 22% compared to the placebo or control groups. The intake of symptomatic PRN medication during allergoid tablet therapy declined. Treatment of grass pollen allergies and dust mite-induced rhinoconjunctivitis showed an average medication score improvement of 49% and 24%, respectively. Few side effects were documented in the trials and predominantly local effects were observed. Severe systemic side effects did not occur. On the basis of the trial results summarized in this review, we suggest that SLIT using Lais® sublingual tablets is an effective and well-tolerated form of treatment.
Allergic rhinitis: Evidence-based practice; Allergic rhinitis is a common condition in Singapore, with a considerable disease burden. This article reviews the latest evidence-based concepts and current understanding of the disease, including its aetiology, pathogenesis, signs and symptoms, investigations as well as management. Particular attention is given to reviewing principles that will aid the management of this disease from a practical point of view, and the latest evidence for the various pharmacological options as well as immunotherapy is discussed. The article should be of interest to otolaryngologists as well as allergists, respiratory physicians and family practitioners.
Five-grass pollen 300IR SLIT tablets: Efficacy and safety in children and adolescents; The efficacy and safety of five-grass pollen 300IR sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets (Stallergènes SA, France) have previously been demonstrated in paediatric patients. This report presents additional data concerning efficacy at pollen peak, efficacy and safety according to age, nasal and ocular symptoms, use of rescue medication, satisfaction with treatment and compliance. Children (5-11 yr) and adolescents (12-17 yr) with grass pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis were included in a multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study and received either a 300IR five-grass pollen tablet or placebo daily in a pre- (4 months) and co-seasonal protocol. The severity of six symptoms (sneezing, rhinorrhoea, nasal congestion, nasal and ocular pruritis, and tearing) was scored, and rescue medication use was recorded daily during the pollen season. Patient satisfaction was recorded at the season end. A total of 161 children and 117 adolescents were evaluated (n = 267). 300IR SLIT was effective over the whole season (p = 0.0010) and at the pollen peak (p = 0.0009). The adjusted mean difference between 300IR and placebo groups was significant for both nasal (p = 0.0183) and ocular (p < 0.0001) symptoms. Rescue medication use was statistically lower in the SLIT group during the pollen season and at the pollen peak (both p < 0.05). More patients in the SLIT group were satisfied with their treatment compared to placebo (83.2% vs. 68.1%, p = 0.0030), and compliance was high (SLIT 93.9% of patients were compliant, placebo 94.8% of patients were compliant). SLIT was well tolerated by children and adolescents. 300IR five-grass pollen tablets are effective and safe during the pollen season and at the pollen peak in children and adolescents with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. © 2010 John Wiley & Sons AS.
Patch testing in atopic dermatitis patients; The exposure of atopic dermatitis (AD) patients to aeroallergens or food allergens can exacerbate or maintain the disease. Atopy patch tests (APTs) are able to identify these triggering factors and consist of the epicutaneous application of allergens for 48 hours, with an evaluation of the eczematous lesions induced after 48 and 72 hours, according to the reading criteria of the European Task Force on Atopic Dermatitis (ETFAD). APTs show a higher specificity than skin prick and specific IgE tests, since the pathophysiological mechanism of the reaction induced is very similar to that which occurs in AD lesions. The standardization of APTs to aeroallergens has brought a certain reliability to this method, which is not the case for food APTs, in which the positive predictive value must be improved to avoid any unnecessary dietary restrictions. Thus, optimization of APTs and progress in the knowledge of the pathophysiology of eczemas could help to develop new immunobiological diagnostic methods and specific immunotherapy for AD.
Which allergen extract for grass pollen immunotherapy an in vitro study; Background: Grass pollen is a major cause of allergy throughout the world. The only treatment targeting the causes and not only the symptoms of allergy is specific immunotherapy (IT). A number of controlled trials demonstrated the efficacy of IT in grass pollen allergic subjects, most using extracts of multiple grasses but some using extracts of a single grass. The optimal grass extract for IT has not yet been established. Methods: This study is aimed at investigating the IgE-binding pattern in sera from IT-nave patients from central Italy with allergic rhinitis andor asthma caused by grass pollen. A 5-grass extract was used (containing Dactylis glomerata, Poa pratensis, Lolium perenne, Antoxanthum odoratum and Phleum pratense) and compared to Phleum pratense alone, which is the most frequently used single grass extract, by the RAST-inhibition technique. Results: The 5-grass extract showed, by RAST-inhibition, a significantly higher binding compared to the Phleum pratense extract for Antoxanthum odoratum and Poa pratensis, while the two extracts for immunotherapy showed similar binding affinity for Phleum pratense and the non-Pooideae grass, Cynodon dactylon. Conclusions: The use of a mixed-grass pollen extract seems to be the optimal choice when applying specific IT in grass pollen-allergic subjects from the Mediterranean area. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd.
Important Florida botanical aeroallergens; Florida is home to approximately 4 million allergy sufferers and almost 15,000 individual species of plants. Only a few of these plants produce pollen with documented allergenicity via in vivo/in vitro testing and provocation challenges. Many plant species with proven allergenicity are present only to a limited degree. Furthermore, allergenic plants in Florida do not follow the same pollinating patterns as the rest of the country, i.e., trees in the spring, grasses in the summer, and weeds in the fall. Media outlets that report pollen counts to the general public may mislead patients without appropriate interpretation. This review highlights clinical studies that document the allergenicity of some pollens and summarizes expert opinion regarding other prevalent and allergenic pollens throughout the state. Copyright © 2010, OceanSide Publications, Inc.
Allergen immunotherapy in Iceland 1977-2006; INTRODUCTION: The prevelance of allery and asthma has increased rapidly over the last 3 decades and is now estimated that 25-30% of population in Western industrialized countries show symptoms of allergy or asthma. The aim of this study was to reveal the success of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) in Landspitali from 1977-2006. MATERIAL AND METHODS: During the study period a total number of 289 individuals underwent immunotherapy in outpatient clinic of allergy and asthma in Landspítali. A total number of 169 individuals were contacted, of whom 128 (76%) accepted to participate in the study. The evaluation was based on medical records, standardized questionnaire and skin-prick tests. RESULTS: Patients were evaluated on the average of 20 years after finishing treatment. 118 (92%) patients were desensitized to grass pollen, to birch pollen (30%), cat dander (30%) and dust mite (28%). At the time of the study 67% reported to be asymptomatic or with greatly improved allergy symptoms. Males had better response to AIT than women (p=0.04). Participants with positive family history of allergy and/or asthma in first degree relatives also reported better response to AIT (p=0.02). Furthermore, AIT to grass pollen and dust mite seemed to be more effective than AIT to cat dander and birch (p=0.04). AIT was also shown to reduce asthma. CONCLUSION: AIT for 3-5 years provides significant beneficial effect of allergy and asthma symptoms in patients who undergo such therapy. Finally, it s findings support the notion that AIT may reduce the risk of new allergic manifestations.
Tolerance induction after specific immunotherapy with pollen allergoids adjuvanted by monophosphoryl lipid A in children; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is a well-established and clinically effective treatment for allergic diseases. A pollen allergoid formulated with the T helper type 1 (Th1)-inducing adjuvant monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) facilitates short-term SIT. Little is known about mechanisms of tolerance induction in this setting. In a prospective study, 34 patients allergic to grass pollen (25 male, nine female, median age 10·2 years) received a total of 44 SIT courses (20 in the first, 24 in the second) with MPL-adjuvanted pollen allergoids. Immunogenicity was measured by levels of specific immunoglobulin G (IgG grass) and IgG4grass by antibody blocking properties on basophil activation, and by induction of CD4+, CD25+ and forkhead box P3 (FoxP3+) regulatory T cells (Treg). Specific IgG and IgG4 levels increased only slightly in the first year of SIT. In the second year these changes reached significance (P < 0·0001). In keeping with these findings, we were able to show an increase of T reg cells and a decreased release of leukotrienes after the second year of treatment. In the first year of treatment we found little evidence for immunological changes. A significant antibody induction was seen only after the second course of SIT. Short-course immunotherapy with pollen allergoids formulated with the Th1-inducing adjuvant MPL needs at least two courses to establish tolerance. © 2010 British Society for Immunology.
Local and Systemic IgE in the Evaluation and Treatment of Allergy; Traditional descriptions of type I hypersensitivity and its manifestations center on systemic immunoglobulin E (IgE)-mediated reactions to inciting antigens. Hence, many current diagnostic and therapeutic measures are based on systemic skin testing for allergy, systemic pharmacotherapy, and immunotherapy. Recent developments in rhinology and pulmonology, particularly in defining the phenomenon of local IgE production in various airway inflammatory conditions, have an impact on both medical and surgical diagnosis and management of these conditions. This review includes a discussion of allergy as a systemic disease, current systemic diagnostic and management strategies for allergy, and local IgE presence and synthesis in the upper and lower airways. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Effect of birch pollen specific immunotherapy on birch pollen-related hazelnut allergy; Background: Birch pollen allergy can lead to pollen-related hazelnut allergy, due to cross-reactivity via the major allergens in birch (Bet v 1) and hazelnut (Cor a 1). However, it is unclear whether birch pollen specific immunotherapy (SIT) can be used to treat the associated hazelnut allergy. Objective: To evaluate the effect of birch pollen SIT on clinical and immunological parameters of birch pollen and hazelnut allergy. Methods: In a double-blind study, nineteen patients with birch pollen allergy and concomitant hazelnut allergy were randomly assigned to 1 year subcutaneous birch pollen SIT (Alutard SQ, ALK-Abelló) or placebo-treatment (histamine). Reactions upon accidental hazelnut ingestion during the treatment period were recorded in diaries. Eliciting doses for hazelnut and symptoms (visual analogue scale) were determined by double-blind placebo-controlled food challenge (DBPCFC) before and after 1 year of treatment. Titrated skin prick tests were performed using birch pollen and hazelnut extract, Bet v 1 and Cor a 1, before and at various time points after treatment. Grass pollen, house dust mite and cat extract were used as control allergens. IgE, IgG4 and IgG levels in serum were measured for birch pollen and hazelnut extract, Bet v 1 and Cor a 1. In addition, the effect of SIT on IgE-facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB) was measured by flow cytometry. Results: Hazelnut eliciting doses and symptoms measured by VAS during DBPCFC did not change upon treatment in the SIT or the placebo group. Reactions upon accidental hazelnut ingestion were less frequently reported in the SIT group. In the SIT group, skin prick test responses to birch pollen, Bet v 1 and Cor a 1, but not to control allergens, decreased significantly upon treatment. Serum levels of IgG4 and IgG towards birch pollen and Bet v 1, and IgG towards Cor a 1, showed a significant increase. IgE-FAB was inhibited to a significantly larger extent for all allergens in the SIT group than in the placebo group. Conclusion: No objective clinical improvement of hazelnut allergy was observed by DBPCFC, though reported reactions upon accidental ingestions were less frequent. Birch pollen SIT induced significant changes in skin prick test, IgG responses and IgE-FAB towards Bet v 1 and the cross-reactive allergen Cor a 1. This indicates that birch pollen SIT may be useful to treat the associated hazelnut allergy, but a higher dose or prolonged treatment may be necessary.
Patient satisfaction with current treatments for allergic rhinitis and asthma; Background: Rhinitis and asthma are the most common manifestations of allergy in adults and therefore are frequent causes of referring to allergy specialist. Patients referring to the specialist often present severe form of rhinitis and can be managed in different ways according to their characteristics. Aim of this Italian study was to evaluate the satisfaction of allergic patients eligible for specific immunotherapy but never treated with it, towards conventional symptomatic drugs. Methods: An overall number of 311 patients (165 females, 146 males, mean are 33 years) was included in the study. Of them, 42% had only rhinitis, 54% both rhinitis and asthma and 4% only asthma. The severity of the disease was assessed by ARIA criteria for rhinitis and GINA criteria for asthma while the satisfaction with each drug class was evaluated by a scale ranging from 1: very satisfied to 4: completely unsatisfied.s Results: The severity of rhinitis was slight intermittent in 18%, moderate/severe intermittent in 36%, slight persistent in 20%, moderate/severe persistent in 25% of cases. The severity of asthma was slight intermittent in 54%, slight persistent in 30%, moderate persistent in 13%, and severe persistent in 1% of cases. The most frequently causative allergens were grass pollen (38%), dust mites (34%), Parietaria pollen (22%), ragweed pollen (17%), and birch pollen (15%). The most used drugs in pts with rhinitis were oral antihistamines (82%), followed by topical steroids (49%), systemic steroids (15%), topical antihistamines (8%), and antileukotrienes (3%). Globally, 67% and 59% of pts were unsatisfied of the treatment for rhinitis and asthma, respectively. Looking only at patients with moderate-severe rhinitis, the percentage of patients unsatisfied by the pharmacological treatment raise to 77%. Conclusion: Patients with rhinitis referring to allergists are mostly suffering from moderate/severe clinical forms and their satisfaction with currently used drugs is not good and the unsatisfaction, worsens in patients with a more severe pathology.
Application of mass spectrometry to the characterisation and quantification of pharmaceutical-grade allergens; Background: Structural characterization and accurate quantification of major allergens are needed to support the development of high-quality products for specific immunotherapy. Herein, we investigate the pertinence of mass spectrometry (MS) to establish primary structure, monitor structural modifications and obtain quantitative data on major allergens. Methods: Matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) and high resolution/high mass accuracy electrospray (ESI) MS were combined to determine the primary sequence variations of relevant mite, grass or birch pollen allergens. Purified allergens were analyzed either as intact proteins or following reduction, alkylation and tryptic digestion. Liquid chromatography (LC)-ESI-MS/MS was applied to the detection of species-specific isoforms and quantification of grass pollen group 1 allergens. To this aim 3 target tryptic peptides were monitored in comparison with synthetic peptides labeled with [13C6,15N]Leu and [13C9,15N]Phe used for calibration. Results: In a first MS study, group 1 pollen allergens from five different Pooideae species were shown to exhibit significant intra-and inter-species primary sequence variability. They also displayed variations in proline hydroxylation, N-glycosylation motifs and O-glycosylation. Two MS-assays were consequently developed to monitor a five grass mix vaccine, namely (i) an identity test detecting species-specific group 1-derived peptides, that demonstrated the presence of components from all species in the mix and (ii) an assay for quantifying all the group 1 isoforms, that confirmed batch consistency. In a second study, variants of the house dust mite allergen Der p 2 were characterized in pharmaceutical-grade material, showing the relative contribution of Der p 2.0101, 2.0105, 2.0109 and 2.0110 isoforms. In a third MS study, a recombinant Bet v 1α product intended for a phase III clinical trial was characterized. Primary structure was entirely confirmed as well as low levels of degradation products. Conclusion: MS represents a very suitable approach for in-depth characterization and quantification of pharmaceutical grade relevant allergens intended for specific immunotherapy.
Influence of high-dose grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy on allergic eye and nose symptoms; Background: SLIT was shown to be dose-dependent and is accepted for grass pollenallergic patients (ARIA 2008 update). High-dose 6-grass pollen SLIT containing 40 μg grasses group five allergen in the maintenance dose was shown to be effective and safe in a randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled (DBPC) trial (Pfaar O/Klimek L. Ann Allergy Asthma Immunol 2008). Symptom and medication scores were reduced after only 3-4 months of SLIT and further decreased after 1.5 years of therapy. Methods: After a baseline grass pollen season, 185 grass-pollen allergic adults with rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma were treated with AllerSlit forte or placebo for 1.5 years in a randomized DBPC trial. All subjects recorded seven rhinoconjunctivitis and three asthma symptoms daily during (Table presented) grass pollen season. All patients had access to symptomatic treatment. Here we evaluated nasal and conjunctival symptom scores separately for the 42-day grass pollen evaluation period. Results: Data from 104 subjects (49 active, 55 placebo) were evaluated (main data set acc. to Pfaar/Klimek). Total medication score was reduced during the study for the active group while it remained unchanged for the placebo group (see Pfaar/Klimek). At baseline mean single symptom scores were comparable between the active and placebo groups. After 3-4 months of SLIT mean AUC of total nasal and total eye symptom scores as well as individual nasal (itching, sneezing, runny nose, obstruction) and conjunctival (itching, tear flow, redness) symptoms were markedly reduced in the active group compared to the placebo group. The mean differences increased further after 1.5 years of SLIT in table. Conclusion: AllerSlit forte has a high effect on all separate nose and eye symptoms compared to symptomatic treatment alone already after 3-4 months of SLIT which further increased in the following year. It is an effective treatment for rhinoconjunctivitis.
Amount of major allergen Phl 5 and allergen activity in different European products for sublingual immunotherapy; Rationale: Allergic rhinitis induced by grass pollen can be treated by means of allergen-specific immunotherapy. The sublingual administration route gained a lot of attention last decade, and a number of products are currently commercially available for routine sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). It has been acknowledged that the dose for SLIT should be higher than for subcutaneous immunotherapy and that the dose is decisive for clinical efficacy. We investigated the content of major allergen Phl p 5 and allergen activity in different SLIT products. Methods: SLIT products from main European allergy companies were purchased and the concentration of Phl p 5 was determined using an ELISA method. The analyses were performed by Dr I. Sander, Ruhr Universität Bochum, Germany. Phl p 5 was calculated in μg (microgram) per maintenance dose, using the instructions for administration as provided by the manufacturers. The allergen activity measurement is based on the competition between the allergen from the extract and a commercial available biotin labelled allergen together with a serum pool from patients allergic to the specific allergen (Radim). A reference is tested along with the test allergen to compare the inhibition curves by parallel line analyses. The IgE binding efficiency (allergen activity) is expressed by relative potency (RP) of the preparation compared to the reference, in this case SUBLIVAC. Results: The analysis revealed the following results: SLITone plus (ALK-Albelló, 2500 STU/ml): 1.4 μg Phl p 5
Subcutaneous immunotherapy with a preparation with optimised allergen aluminium hydroxide ratio: Immunologic effects; Background: For subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) allergens are usually adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide (alum) for slow allergen release (depot effect). In addition alum also acts as an adjuvant that enhances the immunological effect and thus allows for shorter up-dosing schedules and lower maintenance doses. Therefore, we investigated the immunological effects of a SCIT product with an optimised allergen/alum ratio. Methods: In a randomised, controlled, parallel-group clinical trial patients with rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma induced by grass pollen were treated with a SCIT depot preparation (four grasses and rye, AVANZ
An assessment of sustained efficacy and safety of a 300IR five-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet in adults with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during a 3-year treatment study; Background: In single-season Phase IIb/III clinical trials, once-daily pre- and co-seasonal treatment with a 300IR 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet has been shown to be safe and effective in adults and children. The aim of this study was to evaluate the sustained efficacy and safety of pre- and co-seasonal treatment with 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet in adults with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: Six hundred and thirty-three patients (aged between 18 and 51) were included in a DBPC, international, multicentre Phase III clinical trial s to evaluate the sustained efficacy and safety of the grass pollen SLIT tablet over three consecutive seasons. Patients were randomized to a placebo group and two active groups, receiving either 4 or 2 months of pre-seasonal treatment and co-seasonal treatment. Use of rescue medication was permitted. The primary efficacy endpoint was the Average Adjusted Symptom Score (AASS) during the third pollen season. Results: Four hundred and fifty-seven patients completed three consecutive seasons (2007, 2008, and 2009). Preliminary results of the 3rd pollen period showed a mean AASS ± SD in placebo group of 5.28 ± 3.946, in active groups of 3.51 ± 3.677 and 3.39 ± 3.232 for the 4 and 2 months preseasonal treatment groups respectively, giving a relative mean difference versus placebo of 34% and 36%, and a median of 48% and 50%. The differences in LS (Least Squares) mean [95% CI] (P value) were -1.78[-2.58,-0.98] (P < 0.0001) and -1.95[-2.75,-1.15] (P < 0.0001) respectively for the 4 and 2 months preseasonal treatment groups. The mean AASS in both active groups were significantly lower (P < 0.0001) in year 2 (median of 43% in both the 4 and 2 months preseasonal treatment groups) and in year 1(medians of 27% and 33% in the 4 and 2 months preseasonal treatment groups) versus placebo. SLIT tablets had an excellent safety profile. Treatment related adverse events were mild to moderate and transient
Safety of sublingual immunotherapy for treatment of patients with severe asthma; Introduction: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been established as an effective treatment for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adults, with fewer reported systemic adverse reactions than subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Definitive evidence for a benefit of SLIT in the treatment asthma is emerging. Currently patients with the most severe asthma (FEV1 < 70% predicted) are excluded from receiving immunotherapy (IMT) in trials and clinical practice guidelines. To date, no data has been published regarding the safety of SLIT in these patients. We describe a series of nine patients with postbronchodilator FEV1 of between 30 and 66% predicted who have received SLIT for several indications. Methods: Nine patients receiving SLIT with an FEV1 < 70% predicted prior to starting IMT were identified from pharmacy, hospital and departmental databases at three sites. There were five female and four male patients identified, with ages ranging from 33 to 65 years. Allergens used included house dust mite (HDM) only (five patients), HDM and grass pollen (three patients), and HDM, grass pollen and cat dander (one patient). Clinician interviews and retrospective review of medical records were undertaken to assess for occurrence of side effects, which were graded according to the recommendations of published guidelines for standardisation of IMT trials. Data regarding treatment interruption and increase in asthma rescue medication use was also collected. Results: No systemic side effects were reported in any of the nine patients. No patients required treatment interruption or modification as a consequence of any adverse reactions to SLIT. Asthma rescue medication use was not increased in any of the patients. Conclusion: In this highly selected group of nine patients with FEV1 < 70% predicted, SLIT has been safely administered without any systemic side effects or exacerbations of asthma as assessed by rescue medication use. Further prospective studies are warranted to investigate the safety of SLIT in the population with FEV1 < 70% predicted.
Molecular differences between species in major and minor allergens support the association of several grass pollens for immunotherapy; Background: Allergy to grass pollen occurs after concomitant exposure and sensitization to pollens from multiple Pooideae species. A high IgE cross-reactivity was described between major and minor allergens from such pollens. Nonetheless, those allergens could display molecular differences between species, translating into complementary T and B cell epitope repertoires. Understanding such molecular differences is critical to design optimal allergen extracts for immunotherapy. Methods: The relevant group 1 and group 5 allergens from cocksfoot, timothy, ryegrass, sweet vernal-grass and meadow-grass pollens were purified and characterized with respect to amino acid sequence and post-translational variations (using mass spectrometry, or MS)
Recombinant hypoallergenic variants of Phl p 6: Candidates for allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Phl p 6 is a major allergen of Timothy grass (Phleum pratense). Group 6 allergens have been found only in Timothy and Kentucky blue grass so far. However, despite the observed structural similarity of Phl p 6 and the Phl p 5 N-terminus, immunological differences resulting from unique Phl p 6 epitopes can be observed. Therefore recombinant Phl p 6 has been used in clinical trials of allergen-specific immunotherapy as part of a cocktail of recombinant allergens with native fold. Hypoallergenic variants are believed to further improve allergen-specific immunotherapy. Methods: A set of variants of Phl p 6 with mutations at proline sites were constructed and expressed in E. coli. The purified proteins were compared with physicochemical methods such as SDS-PAGE, UV/vis-spectroscopy, size-exclusion chromatography and multiple angle light-scattering, as well as immunological methods such as IgE-binding assays, basophil activation tests and T-cell stimulation assays. Results: The mutation of proline residues preferably located in loops connecting adjacent α-helices resulted in molecules with decreased IgE-binding. Deletion of proline 29 and 30 proved to have the strongest effect on IgE-reactivity, whereas the mutation of proline 101 had almost no effect. A further reduction of IgE-binding could be obtained by combining multiple proline mutations. Combining deletions of P29 and P30 with mutations of P57 and/or P79 showed a strong hypoallergenic effect. Combination mutants that carry a modification of P57 were found to consist of a mixture of monomers and dimers. In contrast those mutations that maintain P57 and have mutations at P79 are monomeric molecules with excellent physicochemical and hypoallergenic characteristics. Conclusion: A hypoallergenic Phl p 6 variant with mutations of prolines at position 29, 30 and 79 is an excellent candidate for allergen-specific immunotherapy. This variant can be produced with high yield in E. coli and the purified protein meets the high demands made for recombinant therapeutics.
Experimental specific immunotherapy with Timpol decreases allergic sensitisation and airway inflammation in mice; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is effective method of allergic diseases treatment. Timpol is a novel allergovaccine composed of chemically modified Timothy grass allergen (mG6) conjugated with immunomodulator Polyoxidonium (PO). The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of SIT protocol with Timpol on the level of allergic sensitization and airway inflammation in the adjuvant-free murine model of allergic asthma (AA). Methods: Lyophylized G6 allergen and Timpol (conjugate mG6-PO) were used. SIT protocols with G6 or mG6-PO were evaluated on the model of AA in BALB/c mice. Between systemic sensitization and intranasal applications with G6 mice were treated with 13 subcutaneous injections: 1 group - saline
Ultra-short preseasonal immunotherapy of depiquick grass pollen extract compared to placebo in patients with type-I allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: This clinical trial evaluates in a prospective, controlled, multicenter study an ultra-short preseasonal rush immunotherapy with a depigmented and glutaraldehyde polymerized allergenic extract of grass pollen (Depiquick Grass Mix) versus placebo in patients with rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis with/without allergic asthma caused by clinical relevant sensitisation against grass pollen. Efficacy and safety evaluation of the first and second treatment course will be presented. Methods: In the first treatment year 148 patients with a mean age of 33 years were treated 8 weeks before start of the grass pollen season with seven injections of 1000 DPP/ml of grass pollen extract (1 DPP is the result of depigmenting and polymerising 1 HEPL of allergenic extract.) administered within 5 weeks or with placebo. At day one 0.2 ml followed by 0.3 ml after 30 min were administered as initial up-dosing and followed by 0.5 ml at weeks 1-5 as maintenance treatment. In the second treatment year 146 patients were still within the study for another treatment course. The combined symptom and medication score for rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis was evaluated using ediaries based on software displaying a questionnaire with single questions on allergic symptoms and rescue medication. Results: After the first treatment course the median time weighted AUC of the combined symptom and medication score was 7.01 for placebo and 5.45 for actively treated patients a significant (P < 0.005) reduction of 22%. This was mainly due to a significant reduction of concomitant rhinitis/rhinoconjunctivitis medication consumption by 44% (P < 0.02). After the second treatment course median time weighted AUC of the combined symptom and medication score was 6.6 for placebo and 4.25 for actively treated patients a significant (P = 0.006) reduction of 36%. The medication consumption was reduced by 65% (P < 0.001) and the symptom score by 18% (P < 0.032). During first pollen season patients of the placebo group experienced 8.1% well day compared to 17.4% of well days in the Depiquick group and during the second season 9.2% and 21.4% respectively. Mild grade 1 systemic reactions occurred in 10.7% patients of the Depiquick group and in 6.7% patients of the placebo group. Conclusion: Ultra-short SIT with Depiquick grass pollen extract is clinically effective and safe already after six full doses. A second treatment course leads to further reduction of the combined symptom and medication score.
Efficacy and safety of grass monomeric allergoid sublingual immunotherapy: A randomised study comparing two different treatment regimens versus drug therapy alone; Background: Monomeric allergoid sublingual immunotherapy (allergoid SLIT) proved to be well tolerated, safe and effective in patients with respiratory allergy. A drawback is that the achievement of a clinical benefit using a standard regimen requires a long time before efficacy may be appreciated. Aim of this study was to investigate whether different regimens of allergoid SLIT (i.e. perennial versus preseasonal) may affect the clinical outcome. Methods: Thirty-three adult patients (mean age 29 ± 10.1 years, 13 F) with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with/without mild intermittent asthma were enrolled into the study and randomised to receive either allergoid SLIT with a perennial regimen (group 1: 10 patients, 1000 AU/week for 2 years, for a total amount of 100 000 UA) or allergoid SLIT with a pre-seasonal regimen (group 2: 11 patients, 5000 AU/week for 10 weeks/year for 2 years, for a total amount of 104 000 UA) or drug therapy alone (group 3: 11 patients). At baseline and at the end of the second pollen season a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was performed to assess the patients' well-being. Symptom score (sneezing, rhinorrea, nasal congestion, ocular symptoms, cough, asthma symptoms) and drug consumption (antihistamines, broncodilators, nasal, bronchial and oral corticosteroids) were also evaluated with monthly diary cards. Adverse reactions (ARs) were recorded. Results: One patient of group 1 dropped-out after the randomisation because of two mild ARs (paresthesia at the lips and sorethroat with burning). The statistical analysis was thus performed on 32 patients. There was a significant VAS improvement in both group 1 and 2 after one and 2 years of treatment compared to the baseline and group 3 values (P < 0.05). Furthermore, group 1 and 2 patients had less symptoms in comparison to group 3 at the second year, being the difference statistically significant (P < 0.05). In addition there was a significant reduction of drug consumption in group 1 and 2 versus group 3 at the second year (P < 0.05). No severe AR has been observed. Conclusion: Both perennial and pre-seasonal grass allergoid SLIT showed to be effective, safe and well tolerated.
Comparison of efficacy of conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy and ultra-short subcutaneous immunotherapy containing monophosphoryl lipid a (MPL): Results of a multicentre observational study after 2 years of treatment; Background: Greater understanding of the disease process in allergic conditions has allowed the development of specific immunotherapies which target the underlying pathology. This multicentre post marketing trial compared the efficacy and tolerability of two regimens: conventional SCIT and ultra-short SCIT containing the adjuvant MPL with only 4 pre-seasonal injections per year. Data after 1 year of treatment were presented previously. Methods: Total of 215 patients (78 with grass and 137 with tree pollen-related rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma) were enrolled. Inclusion criteria were a rhino-conjunctivitis severity score of ≥5 and an asthma severity score of 1 or 2. Patients received conventional SCIT (as a varying regimen of multiple injections) or ultra-short SCIT containing MPL (as four pre-seasonal injections). Primary outcomes were a global rating score recorded by the physician and a patient score derived from a diary completed during the pollen season. The symptom scores ranged from 0 to 3 (no symptoms to severe symptoms) and were recorded for rhinitis, conjunctivitis, and pulmonary symptoms during the pollen seasons. Data were analysed for non-inferiority using the maximum likelihood method for longitudinal data. Adverse events were recorded by the physician. Results: After the second treatment year, data was available for 145 patients. Regular use of symptomatic medication was reduced in both groups during the tree pollen and grass pollen season. Non-inferiority of ultra-short SCIT containing MPL compared with conventional SCIT was demonstrated in the scores for grass pollen-related rhinitis, conjunctivitis, and pulmonary symptoms and for tree pollen-related rhinitis and conjunctivitis after the second treatment year. The incidence of local adverse events was comparable for the conventional SCIT and ultra-short SCIT containing MPL groups. Conclusion: This ongoing multicentre trial demonstrated symptom reduction for conventional SCIT and ultra-short SCIT containing the adjuvant MPL (four pre-seasonal injections) during the second pollen season after the second treatment. The reduction in use of symptomatic medication was comparable for both groups. Both treatment regimens were well tolerated and showed comparable safety profiles.
Intraseasonal short-time updosing with SQ-standardised subcutaneous immunotherapy in patients with intermittent allergic rhinitis: A new therapeutic option; Background: Allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) is currently the only immunemodifying treatment for allergic diseases. In general, for patients with allergic rhinitis (AR) due to pollen, a pre-seasonal start of SIT is recommended in international guidelines and approved by authorities. However, there is a lack of trials investigating effects of updosing schedules with a start of SIT within the specific pollen season. The aim of this trial was to evaluate the pharmacodynamic effect and safety and tolerability of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) against grasses initiated during the grass pollen season. Methods: In a randomised, parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial, 148 patients with AR with/without allergic asthma due to grass pollen were enrolled
Effect of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on immunological compartment in patients with grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Fast-dissolving SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT
Lack of association between clinical efficacy and cellular immune responses in the blood during grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; Background: The efficacy of a 300-IR 5-grass-pollen SLIT tablet on rhinoconjonctivitis symptoms was confirmed in a double blind, placebo controlled study conducted in an allergen challenge chamber (ACC). We took advantage of this study to inquire whether changes in basophil activation and T cell responses can be used as biomarkers predicting efficacy. Methods: Changes in immunological markers were investigated in 82 patients with grass pollen-related allergic rhinoconjunctivitis who received active or placebo tablets sublingually once a day for four months. An allergen challenge with grass pollen was performed in the Vienna Challenge Chamber (VCC) at baseline, after 1 week, and after 1, 2 and 4 months of treatment. Blood samples were collected before treatment and after 2 and 4 treatment months for assessment of basophil activation (based on CD203c expression) and T cell responses (looking at proliferation, pheno-type, cytokine production and gene expression). Results: SLIT with a 5-grass-pollen tablet led to significant improvement (versus placebo) of 29.8% for the mean average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (ARTSS) at end point. Clinical responders were defined as the 25% of patients with the highest relative improvement in symptom score from baseline, corresponding to at least a 48.9% decrease of ARTSS after treatment. No changes in basophil activation and T-cell proliferation were noticed for active and placebo groups in response to either the extract, Dac g 1 or Dac g 5 allergens, during treatment. Higher expression of Treg markers (eg Foxp 3) and lower expression of molecules associated with a Th1/Th2 profile were observed during treatment for both active and placebo groups. PMBCs from patients exposed to active treatment (versus placebo) displayed a lower production of TNF-alpha and a higher expression of IFN-gamma, with no differences between responders and non responders. All patients with a high symptom score before treatment responded to SLIT. However, neither basophil activation nor levels of T cell proliferation prior to treatment were predictive of efficacy. Conclusion: Basophil activation and T cell responses measured in the blood are not predictive of clinical responses induced by SLIT. Our results do not preclude that changes in cellular responses monitored in target respiratory mucosae can account for SLIT efficacy.
Heterogeneity of antibody responses among clinical responders following grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Biomarkers of clinical efficacy are of major interest to monitor patients under specific sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). To identify such surrogates, we investigated seric and mucosal antibody responses in the context of a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled study conducted in an allergen challenge chamber. Methods: Changes in titres and affinity of allergen-specific IgE, IgG1-4, IgM and IgA were monitored in serum and nasal secretions in a cohort of 82 grass pollen allergic patients receiving once daily a sublingual 300IR grass pollen tablet or a placebo for 4 months. Average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (ARTSS) was evaluated before and after 1 week, 1, 2 and 4 months of treatment, during allergen challenges in a pollen chamber. Results: A significant clinical response was observed in the group receiving the active treatment. The latter was documented in patients exhibiting distinct patterns of IgE sensitization (i.e. narrow, intermediate, broad) against Phl p 1 to 12 allergens. No neosensitization to grass pollen allergens was observed in the course of SLIT. Responders were defined as the 25% of patients with the highest relative improvement in symptom score from baseline, corresponding to at least a 48.9% decrease of ARTSS after treatment. Comparing antibody responses from patients belonging to each of the four following groups: Placebo responders/Placebo non responders/Active responders/Active non responders, we could establish that (i) Placebo responders exhibit clear grass pollen-specific antibody responses in nasal mucosa and (ii) Active responders are heterogeneous, encompassing both 'immunoreactive' patients with strong grass pollen-specific IgG, IgE and IgG4 responses (possibly blocking antibodies) induced during SLIT, as well as 'non immunoreactive' responders with no detectable immune responses distinguishing them from patients receiving placebo. Importantly, patients with high symptoms scores at inclusion were all improved under SLIT, although specific IgE levels prior to treatment were not predictive. Conclusion: SLIT with a grass pollen extract is similarly efficacious in patients exhibiting sensitization to single or multiple grass pollen allergens. Responders include both patients with strong seric allergen-specific antibody responses or lacking such responses. The latter observation suggests that additional immune mechanisms distinct from blocking antibodies are involved in SLIT efficacy.
Determination of sulfidoleukotrienes production in patients with atopic dermatitis; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is still the most common skin disorder in children and affects 80-90% of the children younger than 5 years. Also, children with AD have the highest incidence of food allergy. It is now apparent that food hypersensitivity plays a significant pathogenic role in up to 40% of children with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. A number of investigations have shown the guiding role of inflammation, and particularly of leukotrienes (LT) in allergy development. Sulfido-leukotrienes (sLT) are important mediators in allergic diseases that are synthesized after allergen-specific stimulation. These newly-formed mediators show powerful pro-inflammatory activities inducing oedema, increased vascular permeability, mucous secretion, smooth muscle contraction and chemotaxis of target cells. Cellular antigen stimulation test (CAST) was adapted for the quantitative determination of sulfidoleukotrienes release after in vitro stimulation of leukocytes with specific antigens. In this study, we assessed the diagnostic sensitivity of CAST technique after food and inhalant allergen stimulation in patients with atopic dermatitis. Fifty-three children at the age from 9 months to 14 years with a history of hypersensitivity reactions to inhalant and food allergens were studied. We tested the most frequent allergens connected with AD such as: Der p, Der f, grass pollen, ragweed pollen, birch pollen, cow milk, eggs, soya and wheat. Of all cases, 63% (25/40) of patients had CAST test positive to Der p, 65% (15/23) of patients to Der f, 22% (2/ 9) of patients to grass pollen, 25% (2/8) of patients to ragweed pollen and 29% (2/7) of patients to birch pollen. Our results also show that CAST test was positive in 29% (10/34) of patients with allergy to cow milk, 60% (24/40) of patients to eggs, 50% (5/10) of patients to soya and 38% (6/16) of patients to wheat. Findings in this study suggest that CAST test used for confirmation of allergy status in children with AD is more sensitive to allergens such as Der p, Der f, eggs and soya, than to other tested allergens.
Safety profile of SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet for children one year post marketing authorisation; Background: The grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grass AIT, Grazax
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets improve QoL in a paediatric population; Background: Cochrane Reviews have been carried out prior to 2004 on the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in both adult and paediatric populations (Wilson et al, 2003). These studies showed significant improvements in symptoms of allergic rhinitis and reductions in medication required. A study (Durham, 2008) concluded that on the basis of currently available data SLIT and SCIT were of equal efficacy. In January 2009 treatment with Timothy grass SLIT tablets 75 000 SQ-T was commenced in a group of 20 paediatric patients, aged 6-16 years of age and QoL was monitored throughout the first year of treatment. Methods: Patients selected for SLIT were under 16 years of age at commencement of treatment and had severe SAR, which was resistant to conventional medication + documented grass pollen sensitisation, confirmed by positive Skin Prick Testing +/-positive specific IgE results to grass pollens. No patients had undergone immunotherapy previously. Efficacy assessments, utilising visual analogue scales and QoL, were carried out weekly for all patients throughout the first 8 months. Rescue medication usage was recorded throughout the season. An end of season rating was given by each family. Results: Every patient, who completed the season, included in this audit, achieved markedly reduced severity of rhinitis symptoms and there were reported high levels of patient satisfaction with some dramatic improvements reported in the children's QoL. There were also improved conjunctivitis scores in some patients with moderate - severe vernal conjunctivitis. There were a reduced number of seasonal asthma exacerbations. Conclusion: Using Timothy Grass SLIT treatment for those paediatric patients with SAR symptoms resistant to conventional medication regimes has proven beneficial as shown in the improved QoL and the reduction in standard medication required. There were benefits in having a group of 20 children all starting treatment at the same time and from the same area of the country. The pollen counts were obtained to compare symptom scoring with them and demonstrated that those patients with previously unmanaged SAR had much better control. Patients also utilised their questionnaires to comment on other family members' symptoms being present when theirs were not, contrary to their normal seasonal history. Eighteen of the 20 children who started treatment in 2009 will be continuing into a second year of treatment with SLIT.
Investigating the asthma preventive effect of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in grass allergic children - The GAP trial; Background: Childhood allergic rhinocon-junctivitis is a well established risk factor for asthma development in later life. Therefore, treating the underlying cause of allergy may represent an attractive modality for asthma prevention. In this regard, the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU
Biologic potency by skin prick testing (SPT) of US diagnostic allergen extracts of cat and Bermuda grass pollen are two-fold higher compared to European and Mexican extracts; Background: In a previous study ELISA inhibition (CBER/FDA competition ELISA) testing of Bermuda grass (BG) and cat diagnostic extracts of three European manufacturers showed relative potencies between 5% and 25% (BG) and 2.1- 29 Fel d 1 Units/ml (cat) in comparison to the FDA standard of 10.000 BAU/ml and 18 Fel d 1 Units/ml. Here we report a comparative study of the biologic potency using quantitative SPT. Methods: Diagnostic extracts of BG and cat from six different manufacturers (two Mexican, three European, 1 US = 10.000 BAU/ml reference) were tested in 21 and 14 patients with SPT as a concentrate and in two serial two-fold dilutions. All extracts and dilutions were applied in quadruplicate during two SPT sessions on the forearms of subjects with allergic rhinitis, who had tested positive to BG or cat in a routine SPT. Results: Most extracts showed a good dose-response in wheal size for the concentrate in comparison with the two dilutions (steep part of the curve). The Wilcoxon test for linked random samples was used in each group to investigate whether the distribution of the Reference Extract differed from each of the test extracts to a statistically significant degree (test level α = 0.05). BG: European (two-sided asymptotic significance P = 0.001-0.005) and Mexican (P = 0.005-0.022) extracts were less potent than the reference extract. Cat: only Eur2 (P = 0.013) and Mex2 (P = 0.005) were less potent. Expressing the potency relative to the 10.000 BAU/ml FDA standard, results can be seen in Table 1 (BG) and Table 1 (cat). (Table presented) Conclusion: Diagnostic extracts of BG used in Europe and Mexico are less potent than those used in US. As a consequence people with low BG sensitivity might give a positive SPT in US. For cat only some extracts are low potency. A similar comparison using therapeutic extracts for immunotherapy may yield important information.
The third seasonal sublingual immunotherapy in pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: SLIT is indicated in cases of rhinoconjunctivitis not responding to pharmacotherapy. In 41 patients the procedure is continuing already the third preseason/ season, the efficacy and the drug consumption was assessed before SLIT and at the beginning of the 3 year. Methods: Forty-one patients with intermittent allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and mean age was 36 years, were clinically assessed for their symptoms after the first and before the third season of SLIT by Staloral 300. Symptom score was determined according to the intensity of symptoms as: mild = 1, slight/moderate = 2, moderate = 3, severe = 4. Patients' reports on subjective well-being after two seasons and reports on drug usage were also analysed before 1th SLIT season and in the January 2010. The percentage of cases with improvement is presented separately for specific allergens: grasses, birch, trees, grasses + trees and one case of Salix. The introduction of SLIT was each year as the application of 1 to 8 drops in 90 min. The patient applied 4 drops/day sublingual and contacted us, weekly the first 2 weeks, then monthly, at the end of the season and at the 3th seasonal start. The duration of SLIT was 4 months. The symptom-score and drug consumption were summarised at start of 3. SLIT season. Results: Clinical symptom score was improved including also less or even none pharmacotherapy needed. In January 2010 the summarised improvement of symptoms/less pharmacotherapy was as follows: at grasses 86%, birch 76%, grasses + trees 48%. The case with salix on SLIT improved for 56%. All patients wanted to continue SLIT. Conclusion: Seasonal SLIT in pollen caused rhinoconjunctivitis is significant effective already in the first season, but more better in the second one. Less pharmacotherapy is needed the hole year. The best results are achieved by grass allergen and the worse by combination of two allergens. So the single proven actual allergen SLIT should be suggested. SLIT is a safe and an effective seasonal therapy.
A prospective Italian survey on the safety of short term specific immunotherapy with pollen allergoids adjuvanted by monophosphoryl lipid A (uSCIT-MPL); Background: The clinical efficacy of allergen specific immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic respiratory diseases is well documented. However its main possible drawbacks are the risk of systemic reactions and the problems of adherence, partially due to the long duration of the treatment. A recently developed immunotherapy with pollen allergoids adjuvanted by monophosphoryl lipid A requires an ultrashort pre-seasonal schedule, with only four injections (uSCIT-MPL-4). However the safety of this regimen has not been formally assessed in real life by post-marketing surveillance. Objective: To prospectively assess the safety of uSCIT-MPL-4 in a 3-year, multi-centre, real-life study. Methods: Five Italian allergy units were asked to record the clinical features of systemic reactions due to uSCIT-MPL-4. Vaccines were prescribed according to the international guidelines. Systemic reactions (SR) were graded according to the EAACI recommendations and were classified as immediate (<30 min) or delayed (>30 min). Results: A total of 510 patients (276 male, age range 6-66 years) received uSCIT-MPL-4 as follows:, 61% grass, 35.7% birch, 13.2% parietaria and 3% other pollens (ragweed, artemisia and olea). 18% of subjects were treated with more than one extract. A total of 3.308 injections were given and the mean duration of uSCIT-MPL-4 was 2, 3 years. Overall, 7 SR were observed in 510 patients (1.37%) and 2.11/ 1000 injections. All SR were delayed. Two patients with SRs discontinued uSCIT-MPL-4, whereas the remaining five patients completed the treatment, with a schedule modification. Details about these SR are shown in the Table 1. Conclusions: The rate of systemic reactions in this prospective study was very low, confirming that uSCIT-MPL-4 is a safe treatment with an acceptable risk/benefit ratio, when prescribed an carried out according to recommendations.
The clinical development of specific immunotherapies: Specific methodological issues and clinical interpretation of results; Background: Historically, the safety and efficacy of specific immunotherapy (SIT) has been demonstrated in (mainly small-scale) studies and confirmed in meta-analyses. However, the inherent sources of heterogeneity (patient selection outside the pollen season, pollen count variations, long evaluation periods) observed in recent, large-scale studies of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets mean that highly susceptible patients may not exhibit uniformly a sufficient level of symptoms during the study period to assess the efficacy of SIT. Methods: We performed randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multinational clinical trials of a 300IR pre- and co-seasonally administered 5-grass pollen SLIT tablet in adults and children with allergic rhinitis. The primary efficacy criterion was the mean average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (ARTSS) over the pollen season, during which daily grass pollen counts were measured locally. To evaluate the potential relationship between disease severity and the treatment effect, investigating centres were divided in tiertiles according to their mean placebo group ARTSS. Results: Pre-seasonal inclusion of patients on the basis of retrospectively severe symptoms in the previous pollen season did not produce such a severely affected population in the study season. The apparent treatment effect of SLIT tablet was partially masked by the highly variable severity of symptoms during the whole pollen season (mean ARTSS in the adult placebo group: 4.93 ± 3.229). For the adult trial, the mean active versus placebo ARTSSs and the relative difference versus placebo (%) were 15%, 26% and 37% for the low, moderate- and high-disease severity tiertiles, respectively. In the paediatric trial, these values were 10%, 33% and 34%, respectively. Linear regression of individual daily RTSS scores and pollen counts in active and placebo groups also showed that the more severe the disease, the greater the treatment effect of SLIT tablet. Conclusion: Inherent sources of heterogeneity must be taken into account when interpreting the results of natural-exposure immunotherapy trials but none obscured the statistically significant treatment effect of SLIT. In a subgroup analysis, SLIT tablets' beneficial effect increased with disease severity.
Safety of allergen immunotherapy rush regimen in respiratory allergy; Background: Allergen specific immunotherapy (IT) using accelerated build-up regimens, allowing to reach effective maintenance dose in a short interval of time, has proven to result in higher patient compliance, lower costs and less inoculation-related errors. Recently, its safety has been demonstrated over conventional schedules. Aim: To assess the safety and tolerance of an ultra-rush IT (UR-IT) protocol in patients with respiratory allergy. Methods: We analyzed data from patients (pts) records with respiratory allergy undergoing UR-IT protocols from February 2005 to December 2009. Diagnosis and treatment criteria as well as safety monitoring were according to EAACI norms. Patients received standardized polymerized allergen extracts (house/storage dust mites, grass/weed pollen). IT was given under medical observation in the Immuno-allergology Day Hospital. UR-IT schedule consisted of two injections (0.2 and 0.3 ml) in different arms with a 30-min interval on day 1, followed by one injection (0.5 ml) on day 28. Results: One hundred and ten pts records were evaluated (F-55%, M-45%
Treatment satisfaction during routine treatment with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet; Background: For the treatment of grass pollen induced allergy a sublingual grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) has recently become available (GRAZAX®, Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU
A randomised, parallel-group, phase IV, open trial evaluating compliance to the treatment with Grazax allergen immunotherapy tablet in patients with seasonal grass pollen rhinoconjuntivitis; Background: Immunotherapy is considered the only causal treatment of respiratory allergy. Recently Allergen Immunotherapy tablet (AIT) has shown to be very effective in the treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Study aim: To evaluate the clinical effect of treatment with Grazax tablet (AIT: Allergen Immunotherapy tablet) on symptom score, and patient's acceptance in comparison with previous pollen seasons in adult subjects with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Patients and Methods: A total of 261 patients suffering from grass induced mild to moderate rhinoconjuntivitis were enrolled in a multicentre study. The mean age was 32.8 ± 10 years. Men were 149 (57%) and women 112 (43%). A total of 50 subjects suffered from mild asthma (Step:I-III GINA Classification). Efficacy was evaluated after 48 weeks of treatment with Grazax tablets the impact on quality of life, symptom score, and patient's acceptance in comparison with previous pollen seasons. This was evaluated, globally, trough a 10-cm VAS scale (0 = big improvement, 5 = not improvement, 10 = worsening of symptoms). Results: A total of 81% of patients reported an improvement of symptoms after treatment with Grazax, evaluated through a VAS in comparison with the previous season. Investigators evaluated the efficacy of treatment good or very good in 85% of patients. No SAE or SU-SAR were reported in this study. Conclusion: Efficacy of treatment good or very good in 85% of patients. This is a strong indication that treatment with Grazax AIT is effective in relieving these symptoms, and it is in line with the results from previous Grazax trials.
Long-lasting clinical efficacy of allergen specific immunotherapy in adults; Background: Many controlled studies have demonstrated that allergen immunotherapy is the unique specific and effective treatment of allergic rhinitis (AR) and/or asthma. However, only limited knowledge exists about the long-term clinical efficacy of this therapy. Aim: This study was designed as retrospective controlled observational trial. Patients with AR and/or asthma treated with conventional immunotherapy between 1992 and 2000 years and those completing the previous SIT at least 5 years ago were included into the study. The control group composed of patients not receiving SIT during the same period. The two groups were well matched in terms of age, onset of disease and severity, and allergen sensitivity. Patients who had eligible medical records were invited for assessment in 2007 in terms of their symptoms, drug intake, skin test and non-specific bronchial reactivity since the end of the previous SIT in 2000. SIT and control groups were comparatively evaluated regarding at the beginning (T0), end of the SIT (T1) and the current status (T2). Results: Out of 154 patients, 30 SIT (F/M: 21/9, mean age: 30 ± 7.4 years) and 26 control group (F/M: 19/7, mean age: 31.3 ± 7.2 years) provided inclusion criteria. They were re-evaluated for a time period (mean 12.1 ± 2.5 years) including duration of SIT (4.5 ± 0.9 years) after T0 time point. Rhinitis, asthma and medication scores were significantly reduced at T2 compared to T0 and T1 (P = 0.000). Duration of SIT for a longer periods was found to be only independent factor affecting good clinical response. Twenty-two (39.2%) of a total 56 patients developed new sensitizations according to skin prick tests regardless of the groups (P = 0.278). However, the rate of 'symptomatic sensitization' among them was significantly higher in the control group (23.1%) than in the SIT group (3.3%) (P = 0.041). There was a significant decrease in skin test reactivity against grass pollen antigens, and the positivity of methacholine bronchial challenge test between T0 and T2 in the SIT group (P = 0.016). No significant change was observed in lung function parameters as well as specific and total IgE levels. Conclusion: Our study indicates that there is still an important clinical benefit average 7 years after discontinuation of SIT in adults. A striking finding of this study was not prevented development of new sensitization by the SIT. Neverthless, it seems that SIT may play a suppressive role in the onset of overt clinical symptoms.
Comparison of clinical efficacy and preventive role between subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is the most relevant alternative to the well-established subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). However, few studies directly compare the effectiveness of SLIT versus SCIT. Objective: To compare the clinical efficacy and preventive role of SLIT versus SCIT in Kuwaiti schoolchildren with seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR). Methods: Eighty-two children (mean age 14.2 years) with SAR due to sensitization to local pollen allergens (Bermuda grass and /or Salsola kali) and who fulfill inclusion criteria, participated in this single-blinded study. Patients were randomly selected (1:1) to receive either SLIT (n = 38) or SCIT (n = 44), Stallergenes France, for 3 years course. Twenty-five patients of SLIT group and 34 from SCIT group who completed 3 years treatment were evaluated for clinical efficacy (clinical symptoms score in a diary card), development of asthma, and new sensitization. Results were compared between the groups. Results: There was no significant difference between SLIT and SCIT group in terms of total clinical score and development of new sensitization, (P = 0.05 and P = 0.2, respectively). However, asthma development was significantly less among the SCIT group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that SLIT is a promising immunotherapy. Further studies are needed for accurate assessment of SLIT, especially in children.
Real life benefit gains with grass pollen sub lingual tablet immunotherapy in severe conventional treatment refactory grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Studies have shown the benefit of sub lingual GRAZAX in grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. These patients are highly selected and highly motivated. In order to get commissioner approval to fund such sublingual immunotherapy we agreed that it would be prescribed only to those with severe symptoms despite maximal conventional treatment (nasal steroid, anti histamine and leucotriene antagonist), who were grass pollen allergic (not necessarily mono allergic) and who scored over 112 on the Juniper Allergic Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of life questionnaire (ARC-QOL). We agreed to report our findings. Methods: In 2008, 42 patients met this criteria. All accepted treatment, started October 2008. They were asked to complete a repeat ARCQOL during late June 2009, if no response, second forms sent, then attempts made to telephone or get information from their General Practitioner as to the success and whether still on GRAZAX. Results: Twenty-five patients returned their ARCQOL, their was great improvement in their quality of life, mean ARCQOL score summer pre treatment was 128 (standard deviation 16)mean score on GRAZAX 56 (standard deviation 34) (P < 0.001). A further eight patients were contacted by telephone. 16/33 said their hayfever was much better, 16/33 said it was better than previous years, only 1/33 said it was the same. No patient felt it was worse. 1/20 had used no rescue treatment, 9/20 much less, 5/20 less and five believed they had used the same amount of rescue treatment as in the previous year. When asked about bad days that interfered with life, three stated none, 11 stated much less, three less and two said the same when compared to summer 2008. Overall 28 were still taking GRAZAX, eight had clearly stopped, in three more the GP record suggested the therapy was no longer being prescribed three were lost having moved away from the area. Overall 28 of 39 patients were still taking GRAZAX. Conclusion: In a real life clinic situation where follow up is not permitted by the commissioners 70% of patients were successfully taking GRAZAX 9 months into their therapy with highly significant improvement in quality of life, great improvemnt in the hay fever symptoms with reduction in therapy and marked.
Asthma duration or number of sensitisations do not influence the treatment effect of the house dust mite allergy immunotherapy tablet; Background: Chronic asthmatics develop airway remodelling and most allergic patients are polysensitised, both of which may reduce the treatment effect of specific immunotherapy. The influence of asthma duration or number of sensitisations on the treatment effect of the ALK house dust mite (HDM) allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) was investigated. Methods: Six hundred and four adults and adolescents (≥14 years of age) with HDM allergic mild to moderate asthma and mild to severe allergic rhinitis were randomised 1 : 1 : 1 : 1 to three doses (1, 3 or 6 DU) of ALK HDM AIT (ALK, Hørsholm, Denmark) or placebo, once daily for 1 year. Inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) use was standardised and tapered to the lowest possible dose required to maintain asthma control. Symptomatic rescue medication was provided. Allergen sensitisations were determined by skin prick testing with allergen extracts of grass (Phleum pratense), tree (Betula verrucosa), weed (Artemisia vulgaris), animals (horse, cat and dog dander), moulds (Cladosporium herbarium and Alternaria alternata), and HDM (Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and farinae), as well as some country-specific allergen extracts of tree and weed. The impact of asthma duration or number of sensitisations on the treatment effect (ICS reduction after 1 year of treatment) was analysed by a linear mixed effects model, including 'years with asthma' or 'number of other sensitisations than HDM' as covariates. Results: ALK HDM AIT was found to be well-tolerated and efficacious, with a statistically significant reduction in the ICS dose after 1 year of treatment in the 6 DU group compared to placebo (primary endpoint
Tolerability of a sublingual immunotherapy preparation with an increased allergen concentration - A non-interventional observational study; Background: The tolerability of sublingual specific immunotherapy is known to be influenced by the dose of the allergen that is applied. Aim of our study was to analyse data about the tolerability of a sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) preparation with an increased allergen concentration during routine application in the allergist's office. Methods: In a non-interventional observational study, data for tolerability of SLIT with pollen and perennial allergens were recorded for the first intake under supervision by the physician and the first 14 days of therapy according to patients' diaries. As SLIT preparations, products for several allergens with increased allergen content were applied (SLITonePLUS®, mono doses, 500 STU, daily intake without updosing). All adverse drug reactions (ADR) reported were coded according to MedDRA. Results: In total, data for 452 patients with rhinoconjunctivitis (30.8% with asthma) aged 3-77 years (median 27.0) were documented by 99 practising allergists regarding the first intake of SLIT (grass mix + rye, Timothy grass, tree mix, birch, mugwort, house dust mites, cat, Alternaria). The most frequently applied allergens were grass mix + rye (135 patients), tree mix (birch/alder/hazel, 124 patients) and house dust mites (113 patients). No serious ADR were observed. ADR after the first intake of SLIT were reported in 146/452 (32.3%) patients with lower rates of ADR for patients treated with perennial allergens (27.3%) compared with grass pollen products (32.2%). ADR were predominantly reported as oral paraesthesia, oral pruritus and throat irritation and with mild severity. Overall tolerability was assessed as very good or good by 94.6% of the physicians, by 3.2% as moderate and by 2.3% as poor. Conclusion: Our study showed that a higher dose SLIT product applied daily by mono doses (SLITonePLUS®) is well tolerated for pollen and perennial allergens during the first intake and the consecutive 14 days of treatment and can, therefore, be prescribed for home treatment.
Compliance side effects and safety of rush sublingual immunotherapy with monomeric allergoid tablets; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy with monomeric allergoid tablets has been introduced 15 years ago. A large use of SLIT reduce the initiation treatment. In this assay we evaluate the compliance, side effects and safety of a rush protocol attaining the maximal dose on the fourth day. Material and methods: Fifty-eight patients aged 5-50 years (30 males, 28 females) have been included in the trial. 36 (18M, 18F) were allergic to house dust mites (Dpteronyssius, D. farinae) 16 (8M, 8F) to grass pollens and 6 (4M, 2F) to Parietaria judaica (Pellitory wall) as shown by clinical history positive skin prick tests and specific IgE to relevant allergens has been done with monomeric allergoid tablets standardized at 1000 UA units (Lofarma Laboratories, Milano, Italy) D. pteronyssius, D. farinae, Grass mix 3, Parietaria mix. The use of tablets and protocol have been carefully explained to all patients and informed consent obtained. A build-up schedule in four days has been applied. 500 UA once a day, 1000 UA, 1500 and 2000 twice a day. Afterwards a weekly dosage of 2000 UA once a day continued. During pollen season for Grass and Parietaria the dosage has been reevaluated. A diary card has been fulfilled, side effects registered. Opinion of practicability and simplicity of administration have been noted. Results: The rush protocol has been well tolerated in all 58 patients. Side effects only in 5 (8.6%) patients slight, well tolerated, during the third fourth days of buildup. Local irritation and itching in all five patients, slight self-resolving urticaria in 2 (3.4%). In four patients the side effects disappear with the progression of immunotherapy. No systemic side effects. In one patient allergic to grass pollen the dosage has to be reduced to 500 UA weekly during pollen season and 1000 UA weekly outside pollen season. All the patients complied with the protocol maintaining the weekly sublingual tablets during all the observation period. Fifty patients (86.2%) preferred the tablets to SCIT or other sublingual method (drops). Conclusions: A rush protocol with monomeric allergoid tablets can be safely applied to respiratory allergy. Side effects are very limited without any severe reactions even during pollen season. Tablets immunotherapy is well accepted by the patients and the weekly regimen helps to achieve a very large compliance. Considering the safety degree obtained a shorter protocol with a single day built-up or even a single dose protocol can be considered.
Quality of life during routine treatment with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet; Background: For specific immunotherapy due to grass pollen allergy a grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (grass AIT, GRAZAX®, ALK-Abelló, Denmark) is available since 2006 across Europe. The grass AIT has been shown to be efficacious, well-tolerated and to improve health-related quality of life (QOL) in a large clinical development program. The aim of this study was to investigate QOL during routine administration of the grass AIT in comparison to patients who were treated with symptomatic medication. Methods: In an open, observational study QOL was assessed in grass AIT treated patients and in patients who did not receive specific immunotherapy but only symptomatic medication. QOL was assessed in the grass pollen season before start of treatment, after 3 months of therapy and outside the grass pollen season. QOL was reported by means of the questionnaires SF-12 (generic) and RQLQ (disease-specific). Tolerability and compliance as well as symptoms and medication use were also assessed. Results: Five hundred and seventy-six patients were observed in 154 allergists' offices in Germany starting specific immunotherapy with grass AIT after the 2007 grass pollen season and continuing treatment until the end of the 2008 grass pollen season. Data were available for 238 patients (179 grass AIT/ 59 symptomatic medication) for comparison of QOL in-season versus out-of-season and for 186 patients (138 grass AIT/48 symptomatic medication) for changes in intra-seasonal QOL. SF-12 and RQLQ scores markedly improved in patients treated with grass AIT in the first grass pollen season with treatment compared with the baseline season (SF-12: +11.4
Tolerability, safety and compliance of rush sublingual immunotherapy with monomeric allergoid tablets; Background: The experience of the last years with SLIT has led to progressively reduce the duration of the up-dosing, starting sometimes already with the maintenance dose. These data suggest the possibility to shorten the initial therapy. Aim of this study was to evaluate the compliance and the safety of a new rush protocol with monomeric allergoid in tablets (allergoid SLIT, Lofarma, Milan, Italy). Method: Fifty-eight patients aged 5-50 years (28 females) were included in the trial. Thirty-six were allergic to house dust mites 16 to grass and six to Parietaria as shown by clinical history, skin prick tests and specific IgE (Phadia, Uppsala, Sweden). Both allergoid SLIT and the rush protocol were carefully explained to all patients and an informed consent was obtained. A build-up schedule lasting four days was applied: 500 AU the first day, 1000 AU the second, 1500 AU the third and 2000 AU the fourth. Tablets were given once or twice a day. The maintenance dosage of 2000 AU was started after the fourth day. During pollen season for grass and Parietaria the dosage has been re-evaluated in all the 22 patients. A diary card had to be fulfilled by each patient. An opinion about the practicability and the simplicity of the administration was asked to each patient. Results: Mild adverse reactions (ARs) were observed during the up-dosing in five patients (8.6%). They were: local irritation and itching in five and slight self-resolving urticaria in 2 (3.4%). In four patients the ARs disappeared continuing the allergoid SLIT. In one patient the dosage had to be reduced to 500 UA weekly during the pollen season and to 1000 UA weekly outside the same. No systemic AR was observed. All the patients complied with the SLIT very well during all the observation period. Most of them (86.2%) preferred the tablets to the drops or the SCIT. Conclusion: A rush protocol with the allergoid SLIT tablets was safely applied to patients allergic to house dust mites and/or pollens. ARs were very limited without any severe ARs even during the pollen season.
Safety profile and compliance of co-seasonal initiation of specific subcutaneous immunotherapy with a highly polymerised allergen extract; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only causal treatment for IgE-mediated allergic diseases. Along with modern up-dosing schedules co-seasonal initiation of SIT is an interesting choice for patients to start with the treatment even when the pollen season is already ongoing. The safety profile of co-seasonal initiation of specific subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) was evaluated in patients with allergic rhinitis. A short up-dosing schedule was used to achieve the maintenance dose within 1 week. Methods: Patients suffering from clinically relevant grass pollen allergy started with SCIT during the grass pollen season. A highly polymerized allergen extract (Clustoid grasses/rye, presented in one vial, 10 000 TU/ml) with a rapid built-up phase was applied according to the allergic history and positive skin test results. On the first treatment day 0.3 ml were injected and 1 week later the maintenance dose of 0.5 ml. For perennial treatment 0.5 ml were given monthly. The compliance was assessed and the safety profile of the injections during the built-up and the following maintenance phases was evaluated requesting any side effects occurring after the injections. Results: For 20 patients, age between 8 and 40 years, starting SCIT during the grass pollen season, 131 injections were analyzed, 99% were well tolerated, only one injection (1%) caused a wheal diameter of 5 cm. No serious local or systemic side-effects were reported and all patients intended to continue the treatment. Conclusion: The evaluation of co-seasonal initiation of SCIT with a highly polymerized grass pollen extract using a short built-up phase to achieve the maintenance dose within 1 week revealed the safety of this treatment and the good compliance of the patients.
Peach anaphylaxis due to a protein different than LTP; Background: Pru p 3, a non-specific lipid transfer protein (nsLTP), is the major allergen implicated in peach allergy in Southern Europe. Its compact structure is responsible of stability to thermal treatment and enzymatic digestion and can explain the accepted sensitization via the oral route and symptoms like anaphylaxis. Aim: We aim to report a case of anaphylaxis to peach in a patient not sensitised to Pru p3. Case report: A 26 years-old man with a grass pollen allergy previously treated with specific immunotherapy, was referred to our Allergy Department for reactions after having ingested fruits. He had presented lips angioedema after ingestion of orange juice, an episode of generalised itching, lips angioedema and conjunctivitis after the intake of lemon juice, and an episode of generalized urticaria, facial angioedema, and dyspnea after eating a fruit salad that contained apple, peach and kiwi. He tolerated latex exposure. Methods: Skin prick test (SPT) and specific IgE (ImmunoCAP, Phadia) to inhalants, fruits, latex and Pru p 3, and oral food challenges with fruits. Results: SPT were positive to grass, fig and tangerine, and negative to other fruits and latex. Positive CAP (kU/l) was observed to orange (0.68), lemon (0.83), tangerine (0.51), kiwi (0.51), plum (0.61), melon (0.78), banana (0.51), pear (0.54), peach (1.31), avocado (0.77), cherry (0.75), strawberry (0.43), rPhl p 1 (18.6) and rPhl p 5b (16.2). Negative CAP were obtained for rPru p 3, latex, profilin (rPhl p 12 and rBet v2), rBet v 1 and polcalcin (rPhl p 7). Basal tryptase was normal. Oral challenges with kiwi and apple were negative, but an anaphylactic reaction was elicited by an oral challenge with peach (rhinoconjunctivitis, urticaria, bronchospasm and hypotension). Conclusions: We present a patient with an allergy to citrus fruits and anaphylaxis to peach not linked to latex or LTP sensitisation. Further studies are needed to elucidate the allergens involved (thaumatin-like or germin-like proteins might be candidate allergens).
Does the basophil specific ectoenzyme E-NPP3 (CD203c) expression has a diagnostic value in pollen allergy?; Background: Skin tests, serum specific IgE results may sometimes be incompatible with the clinical history. Therefore, more sensitive and specific methods are needed in the diagnosis of allergy. The aim of this study was to investigate the value of the basophil activation test via CD203c expression in the diagnosis of pollen allergy. Methods: Thirty-one pollen allergic patients with compatible clinical history and positive skin prick tests and nine nonatopic healthy controls were examined. Grass mix specific IgE levels (Pharmacia CAP System) were measured in all subjects. The basophil activation using CD203c expression (Allergenicity Kit, Beckman Coulter, France) was determined outside the pollen season in peripheral blood after invitro stimulation with four different concentrations of grass pollen extract (Allergopharma Joachim Ganzer KG, Germany) by flow cytometer (Beckman Coulter, Cytomics FC500, USA). Results: The specificity for the CD203c molecule expression on activated basophils was found 100% at all allergen concentrations. The sensitivity was 100% with stimulation via 10 PNU (protein nitrogen unit) and one PNU. The sensitivities for 0.0001 PNU and 0.00001 PNU were 93% and 87%, respectively. Furthermore, a weak correlation found between specific IgE levels and activated basophils at 10 PNU and 1 PNU concentrations while a moderate correlation detected at 0.0001 PNU and 0.00001 PNU. Conclusion: According to the preliminary data, basophil activation seems to have a potential of gold standard among invitro tests in the diagnosis of pollen allergy. We suggest that it may be useful in assessment of the efficacy of allergen immunotherapy, and needs further studies.
Sustained efficacy of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet during the peak grass pollen season 2 years after treatment; Background: The sustained efficacy during the peak grass pollen season 2 years after treatment was investigated in a doubleblind, placebo-controlled Phase III trial. Treatment consisted of 3 years of daily treatment with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Hørsholm, Denmark) or placebo. Subjects were adults with a clinical history of moderate to severe grass pollen allergy inadequately controlled by symptomatic medications. Methods: The analysis set included 241 subjects (137 active and 104 placebo, providing diary data during the season). The peak grass pollen season was defined as the (Table presented) 15 consecutive days with the highest grass pollen counts. Efficacy endpoints included rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores and the rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire (RQLQ). Results: In the peak grass pollen season 2 years after treatment, a 36% reduction of the median symptom score was found in the active group relative to placebo (mean reduction 27%, P < 0.005). All six individual symptoms showed significant reductions (see Table 1). The reduction in medication score was also in favour of active treatment, yet not significant (Table 1). Median rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life was improved by 33% in the active group (mean improvement 25%, P = 0.008). The improvement was evident in all RQLQ domains
Disease-modifying effect of the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet is sustained 2 years after treatment; Background: The sustained efficacy following completion of 3 years of treatment with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Hørsholm, Denmark) was investigated in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III trial. Adult subjects, with a clinical history of moderate to severe grass pollen allergy inadequately controlled by the use of symptomatic medications, were followed for 2 years after treatment. Methods: The analysis set included 241 subjects (137 active and 104 placebo, providing diary data during the season). Primary endpoints were the rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores during the entire grass pollen season 2 years after end of treatment. Further individual symptom scores and combined symptom and medication scores were analysed. Safety was assessed by means of adverse events, safety laboratory assessments and vital signs. Results: Two years after treatment completion, the active group showed a 31% reduction in median rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (mean reduction 25%, P = 0.004) when compared with placebo over the entire grass pollen season. The six individual symptom scores were all in favour of active treatment (see Table 1). The reduction in rhinoconjunctivitis medication score was in favour of active treatment, yet not significant (median reduction 21%, mean reduction 20%, P = 0.114). The combined symptom and medication score showed a 33% reduction in medians (mean reduction 27%, P = 0.003) in favour of active treatment. The level of efficacy on all endpoints was similar to the previous two seasons (all P -values for test of differences between years were >0.05). No safety issues were identified during the follow-up. Conclusion: Two years after completing a 3-year treatment period with the SQ-standardised grass AIT, a sustained, significant, disease-modifying effect was observed. This trial is the first large-scale, randomised, (Table presented) placebo-controlled trial showing long-term disease modification after grass AIT treatment.
Sublingual immunotherapy in children with allergic polysensitization; Polysensitization is quite frequent in allergic children and may cause difficulties for the allergist in prescribing allergenspecific immunotherapy. This study aimed at evaluating the clinical effectiveness of 1 year of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in a cohort of Italian allergic children with polysensitization. This open study was performed on 51 polysensitized children (34 boys
▼Grazax for hay fever - What's new?; In 2008, we reviewed Grazax, a sublingual tablet containing standardised allergen extract of grass pollen.1 At the time, this product was licensed for the treatment of adults with proven grass-pollen-induced rhinitis and conjunctivitis (hay fever). However, we were not convinced that the effect on rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores in published trials was clinically relevant. Also, given that no published studies had compared Grazax with symptomatic therapies or subcutaneous immunotherapy for hay fever, it was expensive and its long-term efficacy and safety were not known, we could not recommend its use.1 Since our review, the terms of the marketing authorisation for Grazax have been changed, such that it is now described in the summary of product characteristics (SPC) as a "disease-modifying treatment", and the drug is now also licensed for use in children aged 5 years and above.2 Here we assess the latest evidence for Grazax and reconsider the drug's place in the management of patients with hay fever.
Mechanistic studies of tolerance in sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) patients with Dermatophagoides farinae and Timothy grass allergy; Background: We investigated the mechanisms of cellular tolerance in concurrent Dermatophagoides farinae (DF) and Timothy grass (TG) SLIT in patients ages 5-65. T-cell subsets, function assays, and plasma cytokine profiles were analyzed to test if development of tolerance in treated subjects was associated with specific and/or nonspecific allergens, reducing medication use and the severity of allergic rhino- conjunctivitis (AR/AC) symptoms. Methods: A double-blind 2:1 randomized placebo-controlled study in 30 subjects with multiple allergies including at least DF and TG. Regulatory T cells (Treg) were purified from peripheral blood mononuclear cells from each subject. Treg subsets were analyzed for Foxp3 transcription through QT-PCR
Immunotherapy with a Phleum pratense allergen extract induces an immune response to a grass-mix allergen extract; Background: Grass pollen allergy is one of the most common allergies worldwide, and patients often show sensitization to an array of phylogenetically related species. Objective: To determine the effect of specific immunotherapy (SIT) with Phleum pratense extract on induction of the immune response to a mixture composed of 5 grass pollen extracts. Methods: Forty-six adult patients suffering from rhinitis and sensitized to a mix of grass pollen allergen extracts were randomized 3:1 to receive a short course of SIT with P pratense or to an open control group without SIT. At baseline and after 3-4 months, we evaluated levels of specific immunoglobulin (Ig) E and IgG4, as well as the immediate and delayed cutaneous responses to the grass mix and P pratense. IgG4 to Lolium perenne was also determined. Results: Levels of IgE and IgG4 to grass mix and P pratense increased significantly during treatment (P<.001). However, this increase was only significantly higher in the SIT group than in the control group for IgG4 (P<.001). The levels of IgG4 to Phl p 5 and Lol p 5 were highly correlated (r=0.99, P<.001). The immediate and delayed cutaneous responses were significantly diminished to both extracts after SIT (P<.001). Conclusions: Patients with rhinoconjunctivitis diagnosed using skin prick testing with a grass mix allergen extract and treated with a short course of SIT based on a single species P pratense allergen extract are able to develop an immune response that targets not only the immunizing species, but also the grass mix allergen extract. © 2010 Esmon Publicidad.
Towards evidence-based medicine in specific grass pollen immunotherapy; When initiating grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, specialist physicians in many European countries must choose between modalities of differing pharmaceutical and regulatory status. We applied an evidence-based medicine (EBM) approach to commercially available subcutaneous and sublingual Gramineae grass pollen immunotherapies (SCIT and SLIT) by evaluating study design, populations, pollen seasons, treatment doses and durations, efficacy, quality of life, safety and compliance. After searching MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Library up until January 2009, we identified 33 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (including seven paediatric trials) with a total of 440 specific immunotherapy (SIT)-treated subjects in seven trials (0 paediatric) for SCIT with natural pollen extracts, 168 in three trials (0 paediatric) for SCIT with allergoids, 906 in 16 trials (five paediatric) for natural extract SLIT drops, 41 in two trials (one paediatric) for allergoid SLIT tablets and 1605 in five trials (two paediatric) for natural extract SLIT tablets. Trial design and quality varied significantly within and between SIT modalities. The multinational, rigorous trials of natural extract SLIT tablets correspond to a high level of evidence in adult and paediatric populations. The limited amount of published data on allergoids prevented us from judging the level of evidence for this modality. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Mimotope vaccination for therapy of allergic asthma: Anti-inflammatory effects in a mouse model; Background: One of the concerns of allergen-specific immunotherapy is the possible boost of inflammatory allergen-specific T lymphocytes. To address this problem, treatment with B cell epitopes devoid of allergen-specific T cell epitopes would be a promising alternative. Objective: In this study, we examined the therapeutic potency of a single mimotope, mimicking a structural IgE epitope of grass pollen allergen Phl p 5 in an established memory mouse model of acute allergic asthma. Methods: In the experimental set-up, BALB/c mice were primed with intraperitoneal injections of recombinant Phl p 5a (rPhl p 5a) and subsequently aerosol challenged with the nebulized allergen. Mice developed signs of bronchial asthma including hypereosinophilia around bronchi, goblet cell hyperplasia and enhanced mucus production. Results: When the mice were subsequently treated with the grass pollen mimotope coupled to keyhole limpet haemocyanin, bronchial eosinophilic inflammation and mucus hypersecretion decreased. Further, a decrease of Th2 cytokines IL-4 and IL-5 could be observed in the bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL). In contrast to rPhl p 5a, the mimotope was in vitro not able to stimulate splenocytes to proliferation or IL-5 production. Despite not affecting the levels of pre-existing IgE, vaccination with the single mimotope thus rendered anti-inflammatory effects in a mouse model of acute asthma. Conclusion: From our data, we conclude that vaccination with a mimotope peptide representing a single IgE epitope of the allergen Phl p 5a and being devoid of allergen-specific T cell epitopes is able to down-regulate inflammation in acute asthma. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy is associated with increases in sublingual Foxp3-expressing cells and elevated allergen-specific immunoglobulin G4, immunoglobulin A and serum inhibitory activity for immunoglobulin E-facilitated allergen binding to B cells; Background: The mechanisms of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) are less well understood than those of subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Objectives: To determine the effects of grass-pollen SLIT on oral mucosal immune cells, local regulatory cytokines, serum allergen-specific antibody subclasses and B cell IgE-facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB). Methods: Biopsies from the sublingual mucosa of up to 14 SLIT-treated atopics, nine placebo-treated atopics and eight normal controls were examined for myeloid dendritic cells (mDCs) (CD1c), plasmacytoid dendritic cells (CD303), mast cells (AA1), T cells (CD3) and Foxp3 using immunofluorescence microscopy. IL-10 and TGF-β mRNA expression were identified by in situ hybridization. Allergen-specific IgG and IgA subclasses and serum inhibitory activity for binding of allergen-IgE complexes to B cells (IgE-FAB) were measured before, during and on the completion of SLIT. Results: Foxp3+ cells were increased in the oral epithelium of SLIT- vs. placebo-treated atopics (P=0.04). Greater numbers of subepithelial mDCs were present in placebo-treated, but not in SLIT-treated, atopics compared with normal controls (P=0.05). There were fewer subepithelial mast cells and greater epithelial T cells in SLIT- compared with placebo-treated atopics (P=0.1 for both). IgG1 and IgG4 were increased following SLIT (P<0.001). Peak seasonal IgA1 and IgA2 were increased during SLIT (P<0.05). There was a time-dependent increase in serum inhibitory activity for IgE-FAB in SLIT-treated atopics. Conclusions: SLIT with grass pollen extract is associated with increased Foxp3+ cells in the sublingual epithelium and systemic humoral changes as observed previously for SCIT. © 2010 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Serum transforming growth factor-β levels depend on allergen exposure in allergic rhinitis; Background:Allergic rhinitis (AR) is characterized by inflammation sustained by dysregulated immune response. T-regulatory cells are involved in AR pathogenesis, mainly producing IL-10 and transforming growth factor (TGF)-β. Indeed, there is a functional and allergen-specific defect of T-regulatory cells in AR. However, there are no data about the influence of allergen exposure on TGF-β serum levels. Therefore, the aim of this preliminary study was to evaluate TGF-β serum levels in patients with seasonal AR. Patients were evaluated either outside the pollen season and after 1 preseasonal sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) course (38 subjects) or during the pollen season (57 subjects). Methods:All patients were allergic to Parietaria and/or grasses alone. TGF-β was measured by a commercially available kit. Symptoms, drug use and eosinophils were evaluated.Serum allergen-specific IgG and IgA levels were also measured by the ELISA method. Results:TGF-β serum levels were significantly lower in patients evaluated outside the pollen season in comparison with the other 2 situations. SLIT induced the significantly highest TGF-β serum levels. There was a significant negative relationship between TGF-β and eosinophils in patients after SLIT. IgG and IgA levels were higher in SLIT-treated patients. Conclusion: This preliminary study provides evidence that TGF-β serum levels are significantly dependent on allergen exposure. © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Novel nasal secretion collection method for the analysis of allergen specific antibodies and inflammatory biomarkers; Background: The analysis of immunological markers in nasal secretions provides valuable information for studying nasal mucosa diseases and monitoring immunotherapy and immunity to vaccines administered locally. However, the concentration of biomarkers is highly variable in nasal secretions because of the diversity of collection methods. A nasal secretion collection device was developed to increase detectability of the assay, standardize the sampling technique, eliminate unknown dilution factor, and minimize analyte loss during the sample processing. Objective: To develop and demonstrate the performance characteristics of a novel nasal secretion collector and its advantages over nasal lavage techniques. Methods: Characteristics of absorption and recovery of the liquid or proteins by different types of polyurethane foam were evaluated. The concentration of immunoglobulins, inflammatory mediators and allergen specific antibodies was comparatively measured in nasal secretions collected by the novel nasal secretion collector and nasal lavages. Results: The concentrations of cytokines, eosinophil cationic protein, and tryptase in nasal secretions obtained by the nasal secretion collector were at least 8-fold higher than those tested in nasal lavages. Furthermore, the levels of immunoglobulins and the grass/weed pollen allergen specific antibodies were 6- to 290-fold increased when the nasal secretion collector was used. The nasal secretion collector was easy to use, non-invasive, and caused minimal discomfort to subjects during sampling. Conclusion: A novel nasal secretion collector shows a significantly higher detectability and reproducibility than nasal lavages for analyzing immunological markers in nasal secretions. Clinical implication: The nasal secretion collector represented an approach for collecting nasal secretions and can be applied for routine evaluations of nasal immune responses induced by mucosal vaccinations or infections, inflammations and therapeutic interventions. © 2010.
Allergen immunotherapy; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) involves the administration of allergen extracts to achieve clinical tolerance of those allergens that cause symptoms in patients with allergic conditions. Immunotherapy is effective in patients with mild forms of allergic disease and also in those who do not respond well to standard drug therapy. Most SIT is given by means of injection, but there is increasing interest in performing SIT through the sublingual route. SIT remains the treatment of choice for patients with systemic allergic reactions to wasp and bee stings and should be considered as an option in patients with allergic rhinitis, asthma, or both. SIT can modify the course of allergic disease by reducing the risk of new allergic sensitizations and inhibiting the development of clinical asthma in children treated for allergic rhinitis. The precise mechanisms responsible for the beneficial effects of SIT remain a matter of research and debate. An effect on regulatory T cells seems most probable and is associated with switching of allergen-specific B cells toward IgG4 production. Few direct comparisons of SIT and drug therapy have been made. Existing data suggest that the effects of SIT take longer to develop, but once established, SIT achieves long-lasting relief of allergic symptoms, whereas the benefits of drugs only last as long as they are continued. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Potency of commercial short ragweed extracts compared by ELISA for Amb a 1; RATIONALE: Short ragweed (Ambrosia artemisiifolia) is one of the most highly allergenic pollens associated with hay fever in the U.S. Reliable methods for assessing potency of ragweed extracts are important for use in skin prick tests and immunotherapy practices. Our aim was to determine the accuracy of an AmbA1 ELISA for measuring short ragweed allergen in commercial extracts compared to radial immunodiffusion (RID) and to determine cross-reactivity with other pollens. METHODS: Standardized short ragweed extracts from seven U.S. allergen manufacturers were compared for AmbA1 content by polyclonal ELISA. Six ragweed species and eight standardized grass pollens were also compared for species cross-reactivity with AmbA1. RESULTS: Seven standardized short ragweed extracts were labeled to contain 185-461 FDA units/mL AmbA1 by RID. These extracts contained 200-387 units/mL AmbA1 by ELISA. The potency differences between the two methods ranged from 4-44%. The six different species of ragweed reacted in the AmbA1 ELISA, but the slopes of the standard curves were not parallel, and the ELISA could not be used for quantitative measurements in these species. The eight standardized grass pollens showed no cross-reactivity. The mean intra-αssay and inter-αssay variations for the AmbA1 ELISA was 5.4% and 11.7% respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The AmbA1 ELISA assay has consistently proven accurate as a potency assessment tool for measuring AmbA1 in standardized short ragweed extracts used by U.S. allergen manufacturers. The assay compared favorably with RID and should significantly improve potency assessments and standardization of short ragweed extracts.
Comparison of specific sublingual immunotherapy to homeopathic therapy in children with allergic rhinitis; RATIONALE: To compare the effectiveness and safety of specific sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) to non-specific homeopathic therapy for treatment of intermittent (IAR) and persistent allergic rhinitis (PAR). METHODS: Treatment modalities were compared by: 1. Subjective assessment of symptoms T5SS (total 5 symptom score) recorder daily in diary
Safety implications of different administration routes for specific immunotherapy; RATIONALE: To compare the adverse event (AE) profiles of ultra short course subcutaneous (uSCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) specific immunotherapies for grass pollen-related seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR). METHODS: We compared published data from placebo-controlled trials with uSCIT (Pollinex® Quattro
Efficacy endpoints of a5 grass pollen sublingual tablets in adults and children; RATIONALE: Efficacy and safety of the 300IR 5-γrass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets were evaluated for the treatment of allergic rhinitis. A new efficacy endpoint for SLIT trials in rhinoconjunctivitis, which considers both symptom severity and rescue medication use, is proposed. We aim to apply the new efficacy endpoint to SLIT trials where primary endpoint considered symptoms only. METHODS: The Average Adjusted Symptom Score, AASS, is an adjustment of the usual ARTSS (Average Rhinoconjuctivitis Symptom Score: sum of ± individual symptom scores: sneezing, rhinorrhea, itchy nose, nasal congestion, watery and itchy eyes) with the rescue medication use. AASS is applied to 2 clinical trials, which studied the efficacy and safety of 300IR tablets in adults and children (5-17 years) with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. Treatment was administered daily pre (4 months) and coseasonally. RESULTS: The 300IR tablets significantly reduced the mean AASS (p<0.006) in adults and children respectively 4.1763.39 and 4.3063.57 compared with placebo (5.8863.82 and 6.1263.85). In adults and children, the difference in AASS adjusted means [95% IC] between 300IR and placebo is -1.84[-2.66
From evidence-based medicine to practice in specific grass pollen immunotherapy of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; RATIONALE: When initiating specific immunotherapy (SIT) for grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, specialists choose between SIT modalities. We performed an evidence-based medicine (EBM) assessment for each SIT modality. METHODS: MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Library were searched for original articles, meta-analyses and reviews until January 2009. Double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trials (DBPCRCTs) of commercially available grass pollen subcutaneous and sublingual SIT (SCIT and SLIT) were included. Study design, countries, pollen seasons, population sizes, treatment doses & durations, efficacy scores, quality of life, safety and compliance were studied. RESULTS: We selected 33 randomized DBPCRCTs (including 7 in children and 15 long-term studies) with the following numbers of intention- to-treat SIT subjects: SCITwith natural pollen extracts: 440 in 7 trials (0 pediatric)
Blocking antibodies: Relationship between IgG4-associated inhibitory activity and clinical response to grass-pollen immunotherapy; RATIONALE: Grass pollen immunotherapy results in elevated serum allergen-specific IgG4 antibodies.Immunotherapy is also associatedwith increases in serum inhibitory activity for binding of allergen-IgE complexes to B cells (IgE-FAB) (Shamji M et al J Immunol methods 2006
Pre-seasonal specific immunotherapy in rhino-conjunctivitis versus placebo; RATIONALE: Evaluate the efficacy and safety of specific immunother- apy with grass pollens (SIT) in a blind controlled study with a pre-seasonal treatment during 5 years in patients with seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis. METHODS: We selected 36 patients with rhino-conjunctivitis, who were sensitised to grass pollens, 18 male and 18 female with moderate or severe grade of rhino-conjunctivitis according ARIA. The patients received during 5 years immunotherapy in pre-seasonal period of an extract of 7 grass pollens by sub cutaneous route. All patients received information about forecasts and total pollens count in their residential area. The placebo group had received physiological serum daily in sublingual drops during 7 weeks before spring. The ANOVA test and T test was used for analyse differences between groups and for analyse the correlations the Spearman method was used. RESULTS: A significant improvement was observed regarding symptoms in all patients as in throughout the treatment period in those who specific immunotherapy was performed. The severity of symptoms was smaller in SIT group that in the placebo group. Rescue medication was reduced either in anti-histamine and/or nasal steroids in SIT group with a mean of 23.5 days of medication when compared with the placebo with 61.9 days of medication during the season (p<0.01). The tolerance and safety of immunotherapy was excellent and just in 0.8%. CONCLUSIONS: The short-term and pre-seasonal immunotherapy, subcutaneous for patients sensitised to grass pollens is effective and safety. A considerable reduction of symptoms and reduction in the medication was found. The use oforal anti-histamine drugs and topical steroids was significantly reduced by immunotherapy.
Long-term clinical efficacy in grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis after treatment with SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet; Background: Sustained and disease-modifying effects of sublingual immunotherapy have never before been confirmed in a large-scale randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Objective: We sought to investigate sustained efficacy 1 year after a 3-year period of daily treatment with the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet Grazax (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU
Grazax® - Safety of specific immunotherapy with tablets taken at home; Introduction: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a major public health issue in Europe. Its management is based on avoidance of causative allergens, symptomatic therapy and specific immunotherapy (SIT). Grazax® oral lyophilizate has been developed to offer a well documented and easiness new SIT formulation. This study was performed to document tolerability of Grazax® in real life settings. Methods: French national, randomized, phase IV, open-label, multicentre study. The main criterion was the evaluation of tolerability (immediate and long term). Results: One hundred and thirty centers included 628 patients coming from an exhaustive registry. Patients were treated for 5.5 ± 1.9 months. Drop out rate for adverse events (AE) was 11.1%. Immediate tolerability following the first intake requiring a symptomatic treatment or lasting more than 30 minutes affected 14 (2.2%) patients. Long term safety for which the most frequent AE were local symptoms, oral and pharyngeal affected 33.3% of the patients
Clinical parameters to evaluate the efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Calculation of "well days" as an adjunct concept; Efficacy monitoring of immunotherapy (IT) is performed to adjust the therapy according to the patients reactions, to collect data for scientific studies and to evaluate the efficacy of IT. A decrease of allergy symptoms and of drug use are the main efficacy parameters obtained by using the symptom-medication-score (SMS). For this, allergy diaries, skin tests and nasal provocation testing are most suitable. During the period of documentation pollen exposition should be monitored with Burkhard traps. In cytologic measures specific cell activation markers and specific lymphokine-profiles can be evaluated. For the reason of their expense, those methods are restricted to scientific investigations and only rarely for routine diagnostics. Numerous clinical trials have investigated the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) using symptom- and medication-scores. The results suggest that high allergen doses are necessary to achieve adequate efficacy. An alternative approach to assess the outcome of allergen-specific immunotherapy was investigated by a new high-dose sublingual 6-grass pollen preparation. This sublingual immunotherapy significantly improved the symptom-medication-score (SMS) in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial by counting "well days" (days without intake of any rescue medication and a reduction of the symptom-score) during the grass pollen season. This post-hoc analysis showed that SLIT for 1.5 years resulted in a significantly higher number of "well days" than with placebo. These results reflect the high improvement in symptom-medication-score. "Well days" can therefore be regarded as a further variable to measure efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy. © 2010 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Sustained effect of SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet on rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life; Background: The prevalence of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis has increased significantly over the past decades with grass pollen being a common trigger. The impact of allergy on patient's quality of life is substantial. Aim: To investigate the sustained effect on quality of life during the grass pollen season 1 year after 3 years of treatment with the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax® (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2800 BAU
Efficacy of non-modified allergen products for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy - Evaluation of evidence in clinical trials; Background: Allergen products for specific immunotherapy (SIT) differ in terms of qualitative and quantitative composition, standardization, application and dosage. Systematic reviews demonstrate significant heterogeneity in primary outcome of SIT studies. To ensure that patients are treated based on scientific evidence, clinical efficacy of each allergen product should be demonstrated by adequate clinical trials. Objective: To evaluate the clinical efficacy of non-modified allergen products for subcutaneous specific immunotherapy obtainable in Germany by using the recommendations for clinical trials of the World Allergy Organization (WAO). Methods: A systematic literature search was performed to identify randomized clinical trials including outcome measurement of symptom-and medication scores. Results: A total of 65 publications were identified for further analysis. 15 doubleblind, placebo-controlled (DBPC) studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were analyzed in detail. Clinical efficacy was documented for grass pollen allergic adults and children in 7 studies with 3 products and for tree pollen allergic adults in 4 studies with 3 products. In 4 studies, clinical efficacy was demonstrated in mite-allergic patients with one product. One product also showed long-term efficacy in grass allergic patients and demonstrated clinical efficacy in adults as well as in children, both, suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma bronchiale. In addition, secondary preventive aspects have been shown for one product in randomized trials. Conclusion: Evidence of clinical efficacy, analyzed according to the WAO recommendations for clinical SIT trials, has been demonstrated for 3 nonmodified products with 3 homologous allergen groups in 15 clinical studies. © 2010 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Safety of anti-IgE treatment with omalizumab in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis undergoing specific immunotherapy simultaneously.; Seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) affects at least 10-25% of the Caucasian race and about 40% of patients are children. Standard treatment of SAR is specific immunotherapy (SIT), but anti-allergic drugs can significantly enhance efficacy of SIT. One candidate is the humanized monoclonal anti-IgE antibody omalizumab. Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre trial in Germany. A total of 221 children were randomly assigned to four different groups and treated with SIT (either grass or birch pollen), starting at least 14 wk before the local birch pollen season. After the 12-wk SIT titration phase, either anti-IgE (omalizumab) or placebo (NaCl 0.9%) therapy was added. This combination therapy with SIT and anti-IgE or placebo lasted 24 wk. To record local reactions and adverse events (AE), the injection site was examined by a clinician 20 min after application of study medication. Further, patients stated any AE and the use of rescue medication by means of a diary 3 days after every injection. Finally, any AE or serious adverse event (SAE) reported by the patients was specified on a standard form by clinicians. Overall tolerance was judged by the doctors according to the patient's diaries. To test differences between the groups, we used either the two-sided Wilcoxon rank-sum test or the two-sided chi-square test. Tolerability of SIT and omalizumab treatment was good (82% of patients). Only some AE with possible causal relationship to treatment occurred slightly more often in the verum groups, i.e. local reactions (16.8 vs. 12.3%) and gastrointestinal (2.7 vs. 0.9%) and ear symptoms (1.8 vs. 0%). Most AE (93.4% in omalizumab and 87.2% in placebo group) were judged by the patients as mild to moderate. SAE were restricted to four patients with asthma in the placebo group, two subjects with headache in the verum group and three patients with infections (two in verum and one in placebo group). Only the cases of asthma were judged to be possibly related to study medication. Further, redness and swelling at the SIT injection site appeared significantly more often in the placebo group which suggests a positive effect of omalizumab on local reaction induced by SIT. Omalizumab represents an important clinical advance in the management of allergic diseases and can be considered to be safe in children. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Pre-seasonal specific short-term immunotherapy versus placebo in seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis; Aim: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of five years' pre-seasonal specific immunotherapy (SIT) with grass pollens versus placebo in a blind controlled study in patients with seasonal rhino-conjunctivitis. Method: The study had three stages: the pre--treatment period, SIT for two years and SIT for a further three years. Thirty-six patients were selected from a group of 60 with persistent moderate rhino-conjunctivitis (ARIA definition) sensitised to grass pollens. Eighteen patients were male (50.0%) and 18 were female (50.0%) and their mean age was 26.1 years. For five years, the patients received pre-seasonal SIT with extracts of seven grass pollens (ALK-Abello, Spain) administered in seven subcutaneous injections, with a total annual dose of 2251 SE (standardised extract). The placebo group received saline solution daily in sublingual drops for seven weeks pre-Spring. All patients received information on weather forecasts and total pollens count in their residential area via e-mail or SMS. We used the SPSS version 12 statistical software program. The ANOVA test and student's t test were used to analyse differences in symptoms and medication use between groups and the Spearman method was used to analyse correlations. Results: A significant improvement (p < 0.01) was observed in symptoms and use of medication in the SIT group (mean 23.5 days), compared with the placebo group (mean 61.9 days). The tolerance and safety of SIT were excellent. Only 0.8% of the 252 SIT injections caused local reactions. Conclusion: Subcutaneous SIT for patients sensitised to grass pollens is effective and safe. A considerable reduction in symptoms and in medication was found. Information on weather conditions and pollen count was also useful in providing nasal pollinosis patients with a better quality of life.
The importance of in vitro component-resolved diagnosis in paediatric patients; In recent years, thanks to advances in molecular biology, allergological diagnosis has improved and specific IgE (sIgE) against an allergenic source has been transformed into sIgE against an allergenic protein or glycoprotein. This change, which has resulted in a more precise diagnosis of sensitisation, could explain the different dangers of certain molecular sensitisations and in many cases cross-reactivity phenomena, and could change indications for immunotherapy or clinical management. Here, we present two cases of children where the indication for immunotherapy and management of the disorder changed due to component-resolved diagnosis. However, the clinical history and skin prick tests should complement molecular in vitro diagnosis to improve routine clinical practice. © 2009 SEICAP.
Immunomodulatory nanoparticles as adjuvants and allergen-delivery system to human dendritic cells: Implications for specific immunotherapy; Novel adjuvants and antigen-delivery systems with immunomodulatory properties that shift the allergenic Th2 response towards a Th1 or regulatory T cell response are desired for allergen-specific immunotherapy. This study demonstrates that 200-nm sized biodegradable poly(γ-glutamic acid) (γ-PGA) nanoparticles (NPs) are activators of human monocyte-derived dendritic cells (MoDCs). γ-PGA NPs are efficiently internalized by immature MoDCs and strongly stimulate production of chemokines and inflammatory cytokines as well as up-regulation of co-stimulatory molecules and immunomodulatory mediators involved in efficient T cell priming. Furthermore, MoDCs from allergic subjects stimulated in vitro with a mixture of γ-PGA NPs and extract of grass pollen allergen Phleum pratense (Phl p) augment allergen-specific IL-10 production and proliferation of autologous CD4+ memory T cells. Thus, γ-PGA NPs are promising as sophisticated adjuvants and allergen-delivery systems in allergen-specific immunotherapy. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Phl p 5 resorption in human oral mucosa leads to dose-dependent and time-dependent allergen binding by oral mucosal Langerhans cells, attenuates their maturation, and enhances their migratory and TGF-β1 and IL-10-producing properties; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is safe and effective as treatment of allergic rhinitis and mild asthma. Oral mucosal Langerhans cells (oLCs) play a central role. However, little is known about allergen binding by oLCs during mucosal allergen resorption and its impact on oLC functions. Objective: Binding of Phl p 5 to oLCs was studied in a standardized ex vivo model to investigate mechanisms important for SLIT. Methods: Human oral mucosal biopsies were incubated with the grass pollen allergen Phl p 5. Migration, binding of Phl p 5, phenotype and cytokine production, and T-cell priming of Phl p 5-binding oLCs were analyzed. Results: Significant uptake required more than 5 minutes, and dose-dependent binding of Phl p 5 to oLCs was saturated at 100 μg/mL Phl p 5. Furthermore, Phl p 5 significantly increased the migratory capacity of oLCs but attenuated their maturation and strongly promoted the release of TGF-β1 and IL-10 by oLCs themselves as well as by cocultured T cells. Conclusion: Oral mucosal Langerhans cells bind Phlp5 in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner, leading to an increased production of tolerogenic cytokines and an enhanced migratory capacity but decelerated maturation of oLCs. © 2010 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The benefit of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with grass allergens for seasonal allergic rhinitis has been extensively studied, but data on efficacy are still equivocal. Objective: To assess the effectiveness of SLIT with grass allergens in the reduction of symptoms and medication in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen. Methods: Computerized bibliographic searches of MEDLINE (1995-2010) were supplemented by hand searches of reference lists. Studies were included if they were double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing SLIT to placebo and if they included patients with history of allergy to grass pollen treated with natural grass pollen extracts. Nineteen RCTs with 2971 patients were analyzed. The outcomes assessed were symptom and medication scores. Results: Using a random-effects model, SLIT with grass allergens significantly reduces both symptoms (standardized mean difference, -0.32
Certainties and doubts about sublingual and oral immunotherapy in children; Purpose of review: Sublingual (SLIT) and oral immunotherapy (OIT) are two variants of immunotherapy that might be especially of interest for children. After adult studies, lately many trials in children are published. However, the quality of published material varies. In the present review we analyze paediatric SLIT publications from the past 2 years in the light of a new system of evaluation of quality of evidence, the grading of recommendations assessment, development and evaluation system. Recent findings: High quality evidence in children: high-dose daily grass SLIT reduces symptoms and medication use
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of sublingual monomeric allergoid in tablets given without up-dosing to pediatric patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass pollen; The efficacy and safety of monomeric allergoid (Lofarma, Milan) have been demonstrated in adults but very few studies have examined it in children. This study therefore investigated the efficacy and safety of this sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) at the dosage of 1000 AU five times a week without any up-dosing. Forty allergic children (17 M and 23 F, mean age 7years, range 4-16 years), 16 with rhinitis and 24 with rhinitis and asthma, were randomized to SLIT or drug therapy. All the patients were sensitized to grass
Treatment with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children above and below the age of 10 - Efficacy, safety and immunological response; Purpose: Treatment with the SQ-standardised grass allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT), GRAZAX® (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark), is efficacious and well-tolerated in grass allergic patients. Younger children are often perceived as good candidates for immunotherapy, and post-hoc analyses to explore possible differences between younger and older children were performed for a grass AIT paediatric phase III trial. Methods: Of 253 children aged 5-16 years with grass allergy were randomised 1:1 to receive grass AIT or placebo prior to and during the grass pollen season 2007. Symptomatic medications were provided as rescue medication to both groups. The population was divided into two age groups comprising 140 children aged 5-10 years and 113 children aged 11-16 years. The effect of age on efficacy was also analysed by including age as a covariate in the symptom score analysis. Results: Analysis of the difference between active and placebo for each age group showed a slightly higher relative difference in symptom score for the younger children compared with the older, 26% versus 19%. The difference between active and placebo was statistically significant for the 5-10 year-olds (P = 0.047), although the trial was powered for analysis of the population as a whole. Including age as a covariate in the symptom score analysis indicated age to have no influence on the efficacy, as demonstrated by a p-value of 0.6 for the interaction between age and treatment. In the AIT group the percentage of adverse events assessed as treatment-related was nominally lower for the younger group than for the older, 32% versus 40%. The percentages of adverse events assessed as moderate or severe in the active group were similar for the two age groups. For both active and placebo, the overall number of adverse events was higher in the younger group than in the group of older children. The immunological response (IgE, IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor) was similar for the two age groups. There was a tendency for the younger group towards an increased response in IgE-blocking factor at the onset of the grass pollen season, both in the active and the placebo group. Conclusions: The phase III trial, investigating the SQ-standardised grass AIT, demonstrated once-daily administration to be clinically efficacious and well-tolerated in children between 5 and 16 years. Comparison of two age groups revealed similar efficacy and tolerability after treatment with grass AIT independent of age.
SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet in children induces clinical and immunological responses similar to those seen in adults; Background: Clinical results and serum antibody responses were investigated after treatment with the grass allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT), GRAZAX® (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) in children and results compared to those obtained after the same treatment in adults. Purpose: In randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials in children (5-16 years) and adults (18-65 years), AIT were initiated prior to the grass pollen season, and once-daily treatment was continued until the end of the season. All participants had a clinical history of moderate to severe grass allergy. The daily rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medications scores during the grass pollen season and the levels of Phleum pratense (Table presented) specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor (i.e. serum components competing with IgE for allergen binding) in serum samples before, during and after the season were assessed. Results: Statistically significant improvements were found for the rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores in the grass AIT group relative to placebo. The improvements were comparable to those seen for adults with similar grass pollen exposure (see Table 1). In children, specific IgG4 was significantly increased from the initial level at all assessments after treatment initiation in the active group (P < 0.001). The increase after 7.3 months was 32 U/L. In adults, the corresponding increase was 45.7 U/L (P < 0.001). The IgE-blocking factor increased in the grass AIT groups in both children and adults (P < 0.001 in both trials). In children the difference from the initial level in the active group was 0.25 after 7.3 months, while in adults the difference was 0.15 after 8 months. Conclusions: SQ-standardised grass AIT treatment is effective in children with grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Improvements in efficacy scores and immunological responses were similar to those in a comparable trial in adults, in whom a disease modifying effect was shown in terms of clinically relevant benefits that were sustained for at least one year after 3 years of treatment.
Abstracts of the EAACI Pediatric Allergy and Asthma Meeting; The proceedings contain 141 papers. The topics discussed include: 5-grass pollen 300IR slit tablets: efficacy and safety in children and adolescents
Sustained, disease-modifying effect of grass allergy tablet immunotherapy 1 year after a 3-year treatment period; Background: The sustained efficacy with the SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax® (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T, ALK-Abello, Denmark), 1 year after a 3-year treatment period, was investigated in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase III trial. Participants were adults with a history of moderate to severe grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis inadequately controlled by symptomatic medications. Methods: The full analysis set included 283 participants (157 AIT, 126 placebo). All participants had free access to symptomatic medications during the grass pollen season. Primary and key secondary efficacy endpoints were rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores, quality of life, and percentages of symptom and medication free days. Immunological endpoints included specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor. Safety was assessed by adverse events. Results: 1 year after treatment, the grass AIT group showed a 26% reduction in mean rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores (P < 0.001) and a 29% reduction in medication scores (P = 0.022) when compared with placebo. The corresponding median reductions were 31% and 52%. This level of efficacy was similar to the efficacy during treatment. The mean difference in percentages of symptom and medication free days during the entire season was 27% (P= 0.038) (median difference 49%) in favour of AIT. The grass AIT group also reported better rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life (P= 0.004). No safety issues were identified. Conclusion: Significant and clinically relevant efficacy of grass AIT was sustained 1 year after a 3-year treatment period. This is the first time evidence of disease modification by sublingual tablet immunotherapy has been demonstrated in a large-scale, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
Audit of adverse reactions to pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy in children attending newcastle allergy clinic; Background: Seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis [SAR] is a common & frequently debilitating disorder in children. Pollen subcutaneous immunotherapy [SCIT] offers an effective treatment for those with severe symptoms, though concern regarding potential treatment-associated side effects, particularly in those children with asthma, has limited acceptability. This audit sought to evaluate adverse events [AEs] amongst children undergoing SCIT in our clinic. Methods: Retrospective data for adverse events & treatment modifications were collected from medical notes review. All children (aged 7-15 years) had moderate/severe hayfever symptoms and immunological confirmation of grass &/or tree pollen sensitisation. Children underwent preseasonal SCIT (Pollinex® or Pollinex® Quattro, Allergy Therapeutics). Results: Data were obtained for all 26 patients (n = 15 boys), who had had n = 49 courses of SCIT initiated within the paediatric service. Doctor-diagnosed perennial or seasonal asthma affected 20% (n = 5) & 32% (n = 8) of children, respectively. Twenty children (77%) had at least 1 adverse event. There was no association with asthma (AEs: Perennial asthma n = 3 children [60%]
Rationale for five-grass pollen vaccine; Grass pollen. allergic patients are naturally exposed and sensitized to multiple pollens from various Pooideae species. The question arises as to whether such patients should be desensitized with extracts based on a single pollen or a pollen mixture. Neither conventional diagnosis based on IgE reactivity nor pollen counts enable the identification of which grass species are involved in patient sensitization. Significant cross-immunogenicity is observed between allergens from Pooideae pollens due to their conserved amino acid sequences (e.g. > 90% for group 1, 55-80% for group 5, 30-60% for other allergens, including minor allergens). Nevertheless, pollen allergens also contain species-specific T or B cell epitopes, and there is evidence that at least 50% of allergic patients are sensitized to such distinct epitopes. In addition, substantial quantitative differences exist in the allergen (e.g. group 1, 2/3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 13) content of pollens obtained from distinct grass species. In this context, we recommend a vaccine consisting of a combination of pollens from five common and well characterized Pooideae including Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Phleum pratense and Poa pratensis for desensitization purposes. This 5-grass mixture is recommended because, (i) it has been validated, in terms of safety and efficacy, by established clinical practice
Comparison of intradermal skin testing (IDST) and serum allergen-specific IgE determination in an experimental model of feline asthma; Intradermal skin testing (IDST) and allergen-specific IgE determination are used to determine allergen sensitization. In cats, studies have found poor correlation between the two tests. However, these studies were mainly conducted in pet cats sensitized to unknown allergens with unknown dose and duration of exposure. We hypothesized that in an experimental model of allergic sensitization where these variables are controlled, IDST would demonstrate greater sensitivity and specificity than would serum allergen-specific IgE determination. A model of feline asthma employing Bermuda grass allergen (BGA) or house dust mite allergen (HDMA) was used to test the hypothesis. Thirteen cats were assigned to undergo sensitization to BGA, HDMA or saline (placebo). Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid confirmed development of an asthmatic phenotype. Serum collection and IDST were performed on D0, D28 and D50. A portion of serum was pooled, and an aliquot heat inactivated (HI) to destroy IgE. Individual, pooled, and pooled HI samples were used for allergen-specific IgE determination using an FcεR1α-based ELISA
A contemporary review of sublingual immunotherapy; The sublingual route has become an interesting and novel therapeutic option for the immunotherapeutic management of patients with allergies. Immunotherapy modifies the immune response by decreasing the specific IgE levels and Th2-type inflammation in the mucosa when allergen exposure occurs, shifting this toward a Th1-type response. Credible evidence exists of both effectiveness and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) from several placebo-controlled double-blind studies. SLIT has been shown to be an effective treatment of allergic rhinitis and asthma in both children and adults. The therapy is well tolerated with mainly minor gastrointestinal side effects that subside in few weeks. The ideal treatment length and dosage still require further verification. Additional studies evaluating long-term efficacy and the immune response of SLIT still need to be performed, and additional standardized antigens still need to be developed. © 2009 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.
Epicutaneous allergen administration as a novel method of allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: Subcutaneous allergen-specific immunotherapy is an effective treatment of IgE-mediated allergies, but it requires repeated allergen injections with a risk of systemic allergic reactions. Transcutaneous immunotherapy may improve patient compliance and safety. Objective: To assess the safety and efficacy of epicutaneous allergen immunotherapy. Methods: This monocentric, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial was conducted from March 2006 to December 2007 at the University Hospital Zurich. Thirty-seven adult patients with positive skin prick and nasal provocation tests to grass pollen were randomized to receive patches containing either allergen (n = 21) or placebo (n = 16). Treatment took place before and during the pollen season 2006, and follow-up visits took place before (n = 26) and after the pollen season 2007 (n = 30). The primary outcome measures were nasal provocation tests. Results: Allergen-treated patients showed significantly decreased scores in nasal provocation tests in the first (P < .001) and second year (P = .003) after treatment. In contrast, placebo-treated patients had decreased scores in the first treatment year, 2006 (P = .03), but the effect diminished in the second year (P = .53). Although improvement of nasal provocation test scores was not significantly better in the verum versus placebo group, the overall treatment success was rated significantly higher by the allergen-treated group than by the placebo group (2006, P = .02
Temperature stabilitv and mixing compaitbilitv of phenolated, glycerinated short ragweed extracts; Introduction: Glycerinated short ragweed extracts are incorporated into immunotherapy regimens with increasing frequency due to their improved stability compared to aqueous products. The inclusion of phenol as an anti-bacterial preservative in these products is believed by some clinicians to reduce ragweed (and other) allergen activities. However, little data is available to support these claims in ragweed extracts alone or in extract mixtures typically used for immunotherapy. Methods: In this study, the stabilities and compatibilities of phenolated (0.2%), glycerinated (50%) short ragweed extracts were assessed after storage at moderate temperatures (20-40 deg C) or after mixing with a variety of high-protease (fungal, insect) and low-protease (grass pollen, cat, dust mite) allergens. Test samples and controls contained equivalent phenol and glycerin levels, and were analyzed by short ragweed-specific Amb a 1 radial immunodiffusion assays using the identical reagents distributed by FDA for ragweed extract standardization. Results: Short ragweed extracts at various concentrations or mixtures of short ragweed and low-protease or insect products exhibited no major changes in Amb a 1 concentrations after storage at ambient temperatures (20-25 deg C) for up to 12 months. Short ragweed extracts mixed with fungal products and stored under the same conditions resulted in Amb a 1 recoveries ranging from 58% (Penicillium) to 84% (Aspergillus). Exposure of short ragweed extract concentrates to higher temperatures (30-40 deg C) for up to 3 months reduced Amb a 1 levels by approximately 10% per month. The high levels of Amb a 1 stability observed across 11 different short ragweed solutions examined in these studies demonstrated that phenol exerted very little (if any) degradative effects on this major allergen. Conclusions: Phenolated, glycerinated short ragweed extracts retained high levels of Amb a 1 activity after storage at moderate temperatures or mixing with other extract concentrates, conditions known to compromise aqueous short ragweed allergens or mixtures. Only exposure to elevated temperature (40 deg C) or combination with certain fungal extracts produced noticeable changes in Amb a 1 levels. All recoveries exceeded 50% of initial Amb a 1 values, supporting the use of these solutions in a wide variety of immunotherapy procedures.
SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet significantly improves quality of life in mono-and polysensitized patients; Introduction: Treatment for 1 year with the SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT) (Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) significantly improves the quality of life (QoL) in patients (18-65y) with grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis. It was previously reported that the efficacy (symptom and medication scores) of the grass AIT was similar in monosensitized (grass only) and polysensitized (grass and ≥1 other allergen) patients. We investigated whether QoL improvement after 1 year of treatment with grass AIT was different for monosensitized vs. polysensitized patients. Methods: This post-hoc analysis was based on QoL data from 535 patients during their first year of participation in a 5 year randomized, parallel group, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre trial. Patients were randomized 1:1 (active: placebo). Approval was obtained from local ethics committees and written informed consent was collected from all patients. Patients were treated once-daily for approximately 16 weeks prior and throughout the grass pollen season. Once a week during the season, patients completed Juniper's Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ
The SQ-standardized grass allergy immunotherapy tabletis well tolerated over 3 years of treatment; Introduction: Traditionally, allergen-specific immunotherapy has been administered via subcutaneous injections or sublingual drops. Recently, a new formulation administered sublingually, allergy immunotherapy tablets (AIT), has emerged. Many large double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials have demonstrated AIT to be well tolerated and efficacious in reducing rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and the use of rescue medications. We investigated the nature, severity and duration of the most common adverse events (AEs) associated with treatment with an SQ-standardized grass AIT (Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK, Denmark) during a trial conducted over a 3 year period. Methods: Subjects with grass-allergy (n=634) were enrolled in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multinational trial, of which 351 continued in a 2-year extension. Approval was obtained from the local IRBs and written informed consent obtained from all subjects. Subjects were randomized 1:1 to grass AIT or placebo. All AEs were collected and rated as mild, moderate or severe. AEs were assessed as treatment-emergent if the start date was on or after the date of the first tablet intake. Reactions occurring for a limited period of time each day on consecutive days were reported as one event. Results: The most frequent AEs after grass AIT were oral pruritus (164 subjects, 191 events), mouth edema (65 subjects, 70 events), ear pruritus (41 subjects, 42 events) and throat irritation (34 subjects, 37 events). The majority of these AEs were mild (84%) or moderate (13%) and transient of nature. There was a sharp decrease in the percentage of subjects reporting these AEs within the first weeks ofthe trial (figure). Approximately 10% continued to have oral itching during the entire trial, typically lasting 10 minutes after tablet administration. Withdrawal due to these local AEs was low (n=6, 1%). Conclusions: The most frequent AEs after grass AIT were local reactions affecting the mucosal membranes in mouth, ear and throat. The majority of AEs were mild and generally subsided shortly after treatment initiation, indicating development of tolerance. A small proportion of the subjects experienced local AEs daily upon tablet administration. However, the rate of withdrawals due to local AEs was low, indicating that grass AIT was well tolerated and these side effects were acceptable to most patients. (Figure Presented).
Diagnosis and management of allergic rhinitis; • Objective: To provide an overview of the approach to diagnosis and management of allergic rhinitis. • Methods: Review of the literature. • Results: Allergic rhinitis affects 20% to 40% of the U.S. population and has a significant impact on patients, their families, and society. The diagnosis can often be ascertained from a history that points to a specific, often seasonal or environmental, trigger. Treatment is often begun without the aid of any testing and based on a diagnosis made on history and physical examination alone. The mainstays of first-line treatment are nonsedating oral antihistamines, nasal corticosteroids, and nasal antihistamine sprays. As an adjunct, mast cell stabilizing antihistamine eye drops may be used. First-line pharmacotherapy should be based on the nature and severity of the patient's symptoms. Allergy testing should be considered when a patient's symptoms are not controlled by routine medical therapies. • Conclusion: Allergy is a significant burden to society. A symptom-based approach to the pharmacologic treatment of allergic rhinitis will yield the most satisfactory control of the patient's major symptoms.
The future of sublingual immunotherapy.; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is currently the most prescribed form of allergen immunotherapy in many European countries. Its use has been accepted in the international consensus publications, and recently also the scepticism of USA scientists is attenuated. Still, this treatment may be improved, and the possible developments consist of modification of the materials, use of adjuvants and use of recombinant allergens. Moreover, new applications of SLIT, such as food allergy, seem promising. Concerning materials, the future form of SLIT is likely to be represented by tablets, which were already tested for efficacy and safety with grass pollen extracts, and are likely to increase the convenience for the patient by the use of no-updosing schedule. Adjuvants fitting with the characteristics of SLIT seem to be CpG oligodeoxynucleotides (CpG), able to interact with the Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) whose activation induces a Th1-like pattern of cytokine release, combination of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 plus dexamethasone (VitD3-Dex), and Lactobacillus plantarum. The approach with recombinant allergens, named component-resolved diagnosis, offers the possibility to tailor immunotherapy, which was found to be effective in two randomized trials of subcutaneous SIT (16-17), while studies with SLIT are not yet available. Regarding food allergy, an important controlled study demonstrated that SLIT with hazelnut is able to increase patients tolerance over possible reactions from inadvertent assumption of the culprit food, and warrants for further trials with other foods.
Cost-effectiveness of grazax in the paediatric population for the treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in Germany; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of a grass allergen immunotherapy tablet, Grazax (ALK-Abelló A/S) in combination with symptomatic medications compared to the standard care of symptomatic medications alone for the treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis. The analysis focuses on children, either with or without co-existing asthma, for the German setting. METHODS: The two treatment options were evaluated in terms of costs and health outcomes using a decision tree approach. The analysis was undertaken from the payer's perspective, with only direct costs included in the base case. The model followed a cohort of 1000 hypothetical children over nine years in the reference case. Continuous use of Grazax was modelled, with the effects of treatment captured in terms of symptom management, resource utilisation and allergic asthma development. Data inputs were drawn from published studies, databases and published clinical trials. RESULTS: The use of Grazax plus symptomatic medications compared to standard care showed an improvement in patient outcomes
Rationale for a five-grass pollen vaccine; Grass pollen allergic patients are naturally exposed and sensitized to multiple pollens from various Pooideae species. The question arises as to whether such patients should be desensitized with extracts based on a single pollen or a pollen mixture. Neither conventional diagnosis based on IgE reactivity nor pollen counts enable the identification of which grass species are involved in patient sensitization. Significant cross-immunogenicity is observed between allergens from Pooideae pollens due to their conserved amino acid sequences (e.g. >90% for group 1, 55-80% for group 5, 30-60% for other allergens, including minor allergens). Nevertheless, pollen allergens also contain species-specific T or B cell epitopes, and there is evidence that at least 50% of allergic patients are sensitized to such distinct epitopes. In addition, substantial quantitative differences exist in the allergen (e.g. group 1, 2/3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 13) content of pollens obtained from distinct grass species. In this context, we recommend a vaccine consisting of a combination of pollens from five common and well characterized Pooideae including Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Phleum pratense and Poa pratensis for desensitization purposes. This 5-grass mixture is recommended because, (i) it has been validated, in terms of safety and efficacy, by established clinical practice
Allergenicity and cross-reactivity of pine pollen; Background Pine pollen has long been considered a non-allergenic pollen. The large size of the grain and its low levels of proteins are the main reasons invoked to explain this low allergenicity. The aim of this study was to describe the main allergenic bands of Pinus radiata (PR) and its cross-reactivity with other pine species, other conifers and grass pollen. Methods Sixty-five pine-pollen-allergic patients (51% also sensitized to grass pollen) were studied. Skin prick tests (SPT) to a battery of allergens including PR, Pinus pinea, Pinus sylvestris, Pinus nigra and Cupressus sempervirens pollens and specific IgE determination to PR and Pinus strobus were performed. IgE-immunoblotting to a PR extract and other pine pollens was also carried out. UniCAP inhibition and immunoblotting inhibition studies were performed to assess the cross-reactivity between different pollens. Results The SPTs were positive with all the pine pollen extracts tested in 69% of the patients. Specific IgE was positive to PR or P. strobus in 77% of the patients, and to Lolium perenne in 51%. Nine different allergenic bands were detected. The two main allergens were a 42 kDa band recognized by 85% of the patients and a band of approximately 6-8 kDa recognized by 40%. A high degree of cross-reactivity was observed between different pine pollen species, but not between pines and C. sempervirens pollen. A partial cross-reactivity could be seen between pine and grass pollens only in patients also sensitized to L. perenne. Conclusions Pine pollen should be considered as a potential allergenic pollen especially where this pollen is abundant. The detection of a high number of patients that were monosensitized to pine pollen suggests the possibility of treating these patients with specific immunotherapy. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Efficacy of grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for three consecutive seasons and after cessation of treatment: The ECRIT study; Background: Data supporting a carry-over effect with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) are scarce. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluated the efficacy, carry-over effect and safety of grass pollen SLIT using co-seasonal treatment. Methods: Patients (7.9-64.7 years) with grass pollen allergy received ultra-rush titration with increasing doses (30, 90, 150 and 300 IR) of a 5-grass pollen mixture every 20 min at the start of the pollen seasons, followed by 300 IR daily until the end of the pollen seasons. A baseline season (no SLIT) was followed by three consecutive treatment seasons and one follow-up season. Symptoms, medication and adverse events were documented and specific immunoglobulin (Ig)E and IgG4 measured. Results: Data were analysed for 183 of the 213 randomized patients. Mean treatment duration varied between seasons (81.8-92.7 days). Combined scores (symptoms and medication) improved progressively across treatment seasons (up to 44.7% improvement for SLIT compared with baseline) and fluctuated between -11.3% and -14.8% for placebo (P < 0.05). Similar changes were observed for symptom scores, with a successive decrease of 39.7% (SLIT) and fluctuations between +13.6% and -1.51% for placebo (P < 0.05). Combined score (P = 0.0508) and symptom score improvements (P = 0.0144) with SLIT continued during follow up. Increases in specific IgG4 observed in the first season were sustained for SLIT vs placebo throughout treatment (P = 0.0001). Titration and daily SLIT were well tolerated. No serious systemic or anaphylactic reactions were reported. Conclusions: Seasonal SLIT with ultra-rush titration is well tolerated and effective from the first treatment season onwards. These data indicate a carry-over effect of seasonal SLIT. © 2008 The Authors.
Allergen content of grass pollen preparations for skin prick testing and sublingual immunotherapy; Background: The allergen content of diagnostics and immunotherapeutics is crucial for effective diagnosis and treatment. The aim of this study was to quantify and compare the allergen content of different grass pollen preparations for skin prick testing and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). Methods: Five skin prick test (SPT) solutions and 10 sublingual immunotherapeutics were analysed for protein and allergen concentration by Bradford assay, inhibition of IgE-binding to Phleum pratense ImmunoCAPs and content of the main allergen Phl p 5 by two-site enzyme immunoassay. In addition, the grass pollen preparations were compared by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) and immunoblotting analyses. Results: Protein concentrations of SPT solutions ranged from 15 to 427 μg/ml, and Phl p 5 concentrations ranged from 0.15 to 18.3 μg/ml. The ranking of SPT solutions concerning Phl p 5 content and IgE inhibition capacity was the same, and the ranking of protein and allergen content was closely correlated (r = 0.9). Protein content of the maintenance doses of the immunotheurapeutics ranged from 5 to 153 μg, Phl p 5 content ranged from 0.2 to 21.6 μg. IgE inhibition capacity of the maintenance doses was closely correlated to their Phl p 5 and protein content. SDS-PAGE and immunoblots confirmed the differences in protein and allergen content. Conclusions: Grass pollen preparations for SPT and SLIT varied greatly concerning protein and allergen content. Whereas this result corresponds to previous analyses results of SPT solutions, it was the first comparison of grass pollen immunotherapeutics. For diagnosis and therapy, these differences should be taken into account. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Early onset of action of a 5-grass-pollen 300-IR sublingual immunotherapy tablet evaluated in an allergen challenge chamber; Background: The efficacy and safety of a 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet (Stallergènes SA, Antony, France) have been evaluated in clinical studies during the pollen season. The allergen challenge chamber (ACC) has been developed as a pharmacodynamic assessment tool to control the environmental allergens and to avoid all problems associated with unpredictable pollen seasons. Objective: We sought to evaluate the onset of action and efficacy of 300-IR (index of reactivity) SLIT tablets by using an ACC. Methods: Patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized into the active or placebo groups. A standardized allergen challenge with grass pollen and symptom evaluation every 15 minutes was performed at baseline, 1 week, and 1, 2, and 4 months of treatment. The primary end point was the average rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (ARTSS). Allergen-specific basophil activation, T-cell proliferation, and plasmatic IgE and IgG responses were assessed before and after treatment. Results: In the intention-to-treat population (n = 89) a significant treatment effect was achieved after the first month (P = .0042) and second month (P = .0203) and was maintained through to the fourth month (P = .0007). In the active group the ARTSS (means ± SDs) decreased at each challenge: week 1, 7.40 ± 2.682
Recombinant allergens for following antibody-responses during immunotherapywith a grass pollen vaccine and after five years of discontinuation; Objectives: Follow-up of antibody responses in serum samples from grass pollen allergic patients having received one course of injection immunotherapy (SIT) with an aluminium hydroxide-adsorbed grass pollen extract (n=12) or only anti-inflammatory treatment (n=7). Serum samples were taken before treatment, after five months of treatment and after five years. Methods: Specific IgE, IgG1-IgG4, IgM, IgA and light chain responses were monitored using purified recombinant timothy grass (i.e., Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 5, Phl p 6, Phl p 7, Phl p 12, Phl p 13)- and birch pollen (Bet v 1) allergens. Results: After five months of SIT but not after inflammatory treatment we found increases of IgG1 > IgG4 > IgG2 antibody responses in particular for the major grass pollen allergens Phl p 1, Phl p 5, Phl p 6 and Phl p 2 but no relevant increases against the other tested allergens (Phl p 7, Phl p 12, Phl p 13, Bet v 1). No relevant induction of allergen-specific IgA, IgM or IgG3 responses were found in the SIT group. The increases of allergen-specific IgG responses were accompanied by allergen-specific light chain binding involving both kappa and lambda chains in the SIT group. An inhibition of allergen-dependent basophil degranulation was only obtained with sera from the SIT-group containing therapy-induced allergen-specific IgG antibodies but not with sera from the group having received only antiinflammatory treatment. A decrease of Phl p 1- and Phl p 5-specific IgE levels was found in the SIT group after the grass pollen season but not in the group of patients receiving only anti-inflammatory treatment. After five years allergen-specific (Phl p 1, Phl p 5) IgE and IgG antibody levels in the SIT group had returned to baseline levels. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that only SIT but not anti-inflammatory treatment can prevent boosts of allergen-specific IgE production in allergic patients. Thus only SIT but not anti-inflammatory treatment has disease-modifying effects.
A novel nanoparticulate adjuvant for immunotherapy with Lolium perenne; Specific immunotherapy implies certain drawbacks which could be minimized by the use of appropriate adjuvants, capable of amplifying the right immune response with minimal side effects. In this context, previous studies of our group have demonstrated the adjuvant capacity of Gantrez® AN nanoparticles, which can effectively enhance the immune response. In this work, two types of nanoparticles (with and without LPS of Brucella ovis as immunomodulator) with encapsulated Lolium perenne extract are tested in a model of sensitized mice to this allergenic mixture. The results we obtained showed that Lolium-Gantrez® nanoparticles with LPS of B. ovis were able to induce significative Th1 responses, characterized by the IgG2a isotype. Furthermore, in the challenge experiment of the sensitized mice, differences in the mortality rate and in the mMCP-1 levels were found between the treated groups and the control. Under the experimental conditions of this model of pre-sensitized mice to L. perenne, Gantrez® AN nanoparticles appeared to be a good strategy for immunotherapy. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Sublingual immunotherapy for Japanese cedar pollinosis; The prevalence of pollinosis caused by cedar pollen has increased by 10% these ten years of 26.5% in the investigation of 2008 in Japan. The pharmacotherapy is a main treatment tool for pollinosis, and the surgical treatment is not acknowledged to the treatment of pollinosis internationally. Moreover, allergen immunotherapy enters a special treatment method, and is an important therapeutic procedure. The allergen immunotherapy is unique for having possibility of curing allergen specific allergic diseases. However the side effect of allergen subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), such as anaphylaxis is kept at a distance in a medical situation in Japan. Then, a sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) that was safer than it, developed in Europe for pollinosis induced by grass or ragweed, but not in Japan. As a result, the effect of SLIT was proven in the cedar pollinosis in Japan as high level evidence. A whole body immunity induction is thought in the appearance of the effect, and, in addition, it is necessary to be going to be cleared the accurate mechanism of the effect in the future. Moreover, the development of a special SLIT and the import of an overseas product are needed in Japan. © 2009 Japanese Society of Allergology.
Mass spectrometric investigation of molecular variability of grass pollen group 1 allergens; Natural grass pollen allergens exhibit a wide variety of isoforms. Precise characterization of such microheterogeneity is essential to improve diagnosis and design appropriate immunotherapies. Moreover, standardization of allergen vaccine production is a prerequisite for product safety and efficiency. Both qualitative and quantitative analytical methods are thus required to monitor and control the huge natural variability of pollens, as well as final product quality. A proteomic approach has been set up to investigate in depth the structural variability of five group 1 allergens originating from distinct grass species (Ant o 1, Dac g 1, Lol p 1, Phl p 1, and Poa p 1). Whereas group 1 is the most conserved grass pollen allergen, great variations were shown between the various isoforms found in these five species using mass spectrometry, with many amino acid exchanges, as well as variations in proline hydroxylation level and in main N-glycan motifs. The presence of O-linked pentose residues was also demonstrated, with up to three consecutive units on the first hydroxyproline of Ant o 1. In addition, species-specific peptides were identified that might be used for product authentication or individual allergen quantification. Lastly, natural or process-induced modifications (deamidation, oxidation, glycation) were evidenced, which might constitute useful indicators of product degradation. © 2009 American Chemical Society.
Safety of two cluster schedules for subcutaneous immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis or asthma patients sensitized to inhalant allergens; Background: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) usually requires a long titration phase, which can be associated with various adverse events (AEs). Objectives: It was the aim of this study to determine the safety of 2 cluster regimens for SCIT in patients with allergic rhinitis, with or without mild or moderate allergic asthma, who were sensitized to grass and/or tree pollen, or house dust mites (HDM). Patients and Methods: Adult patients were included in a European, open-label, prospective trial. Pollen-allergic patients received grass pollen, grass and olive pollen, or hazel, alder and birch pollen according to a 3-week titration cluster. HDM-allergic patients received HDM extract according to a 2-week titration cluster. The safety of the titration phase was assessed in terms of local and systemic AEs. Results: The safety analysis included 157 patients: 110 received pollen and 47 HDM extract. During the cluster titration, 248 AE episodes were reported in the pollen group and 113 in the HDM group
Why can patients with baker's asthma tolerate wheat flour ingestion? Is wheat pollen allergy relevant?; Diagnosis in patients sensitised to multiple pollens is difficult due to the relationship between pollen and food allergens. Misdiagnosis is often a cause for unsuccessful specific immunotherapy. Wheat is a potent allergen source and is one of the causes of baker's asthma, food and pollen allergy. Recently, we have performed a study on pollen sensitisation in our area, where cereal crops are very important. The clinical data from 19718 patients reviewed showed that grass pollen was the main source of clinical symptoms (6369 patients, 32.30% of asthmatics). However, wheat and cereal crop pollen showed very low prevalence. On the other hand, patients with wheat flour allergy after ingestion and/or with baker's asthma were not sensitised to wheat pollen, despite it containing some common allergens. In the same way, all our asthmatic bakers (135 patients) tolerated the ingestion of bread. Here we try to explain the reason for these surprising observations. © 2009 SEICAP.
Response to sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen extract: Monotherapy versus combination in a multiallergen extract; Background: To date, there have been no randomized, double-blind studies showing the effectiveness of sublingual immunotherapy with multiple allergens. Objective: The purpose of this study was to examine whether the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with standardized timothy extract was reduced by combination with other allergen extracts. Methods: A single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with SLIT was conducted. After an observational grass season, SLIT was administered for 10 months to 54 patients randomized to 1 of 3 treatment arms: placebo, timothy extract (19 μg Phl p 5 daily) as monotherapy, or the same dose of timothy extract plus 9 additional pollen extracts. Symptom and medication scores were collected and titrated nasal challenges, titrated skin prick tests, specific IgE, IgG4 and cytokines release by timothy-stimulated lymphocyte proliferation were performed. Results: Perhaps because of a very low grass pollen season in 2008, there were no significant differences in medication or symptom scores in either treatment group compared with placebo. Compared with placebo, in the timothy monotherapy group, thresholds for titrated nasal challenge and skin prick tests (P = .03 and P = .001, respectively), and serum-specific IgG4 levels (P = .005) significantly increased, and IFN- γ levels decreased (P = .02), whereas in the multiallergen group, there was significant improvement only in the titrated skin prick tests (P = .04) which was less than in the monotherapy group. There were no significant differences between the 2 active groups in any outcome measure, and both active groups experienced more adverse events than placebo. There were no systemic reactions. Conclusion: Improvement in multiple relevant outcomes strongly suggests that SLIT with timothy extract alone was effective
Administration regimens for sublingual immunotherapy to pollen allergens: What do we know?; The modalities of administration of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), including dosing, build-up phase, duration of the treatment, and frequency of the maintenance dose are largely variable. In the case of pollen (SLIT), the complexity increases, since preseasonal, coseasonal and pre-coseasonal regimens can be used. The administration regimens are of relevance from a practical point of view, but can also have economic implications. We review herein the available literature (randomized double blind controlled studies) on pollen SLIT, in order to derive experimentally-supported suggestions about the regimens of administration that should be preferred. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
The problem of placebo-controlled trials allowing rescue medication: How to assess efficacy in rhinosinusitis and allergic rhinoconjunctivitis when both groups receive active rescue treatment; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The assessment of pharmacological efficacy of rhinosinusitis and rhinoconjunctivitis has been performed in various studies involving standardized measures such as symptom scores, various health-related quality of life scales, the sino-nasal outcome test, or the rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life questionnaire. However, the methods and study designs are heterogeneous, and a methodological standard is still lacking. The aim of this review was - from a clinical and a methodological point of view - to evaluate placebo-controlled trials permitting the use of rescue medication and to provide insight into the specific challenges of such clinical trials. Using studies published within the past 24 months as examples, we here demonstrate the problems in evaluating and interpreting these studies and describe possibilities for refining the methodology in order to improve future study designs. RECENT FINDINGS: The World Allergy Organization has recently published recommendations for the standardization of clinical trials on respiratory allergy in which methodological aspects regarding the use of rescue medication are discussed. SUMMARY: This study summarizes the recommendations for study design, outcome measures, and statistical analysis to be used in planning, performing, and analyzing clinical studies on rhinoconjunctivitis and rhinosinusitis that allow the use of rescue medication. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Safety of sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy after anaphylaxis; Aim: To demonstrate that sublingual immunotherapy is a safe treatment option in patients who have previously suffered anaphylaxis when undergoing subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy. Case report: We report two patients who developed a systemic anaphylactic reaction following subcutaneous grass pollen immunotherapy, resulting in discontinuation of treatment. Following treatment of the acute anaphylactic episode, both patients were subsequently safely commenced on sublingual grass pollen immunotherapy. Conclusion: Injection immunotherapy has a relatively low risk of severe adverse events, although anaphylaxis is a potentially fatal complication and usually results in termination of the immunotherapy programme. Sublingual immunotherapy has a safer side effect profile than subcutaneous immunotherapy, with no reported cases of anaphylaxis. © 2008 JLO (1984) Limited.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis and asthma. Mechanisms and proof of efficacy; Appeared at the beginning of the 20th century, allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) has long been used in allergic rhinitis and asthma without any knowledge of its mechanisms of action or any tangible proof of its efficacy. However, from the beginning of the era of evidence-based medicine, a number of placebo-controlled studies have been published and reached a sufficient number to assess the cellular events induced by SIT and allow meta-analysis to provide guidelines based on proofs. Controlled studies and meta-analysis concerned not only subcutaneous immunotherapy but also the sublingual route, demonstrating an effect of SIT on symptoms and medication use. Most recently sublingual tablets were proposed in allergic rhinitis. This paper reviews the mechanisms of SIT, the evidence of efficacy of SIT from the injective to the sublingual route and reminds the current guidelines. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Allergic rhinitis; Childhood rhinitis may be classified into non-allergic and allergic. Allergic rhinitis is further divided into seasonal and perennial. Seasonal rhinitis is a disease particularly of teenagers and young adults and appears to be less common in primary and pre school age children. In seasonal rhinitis, with relevant grass pollen sensitization, the link between the allergen exposure and rhinitis is clear cut. However, in other situations such as perennial rhinitis and house dust mite allergen sensitization, the link between symptoms and allergen exposure is less certain. Avoidance of allergens often proves to be difficult in practice. Intranasal steroids are the treatment of choice for persistent moderate-severe allergic rhinitis and are more effective than antihistamines for relief of nasal obstruction. Antihistamines are effective for control of histamine related symptoms such as itching, rhinorrhoea and sneezing. The use and benefits of sublingual or injectable immunotherapy in children are controversial. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Sublingual immunotherapy for children: Are we there yet?. Defining its role in clinical practice; Immunotherapy in various forms has been used to treat allergic disorders since the early 19th century. Subcutaneous immunotherapy is now well established for the treatment of insect anaphylaxis and allergic rhinitis. The route of administration and possibility of severe adverse reactions to subcutaneous immunotherapy make sublingual immunotherapy an appealing alternative, especially for the paediatric patient. This form of immunotherapy has been increasingly used in Europe, and over the past decade several meta analyses have attempted to provide evidence for its efficacy in the treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and in asthma, both in the adult and paediatric population. Several trials have also shown a potential immunomodulatory effect of sublingual immunotherapy, with evidence of a reduction in the progression from allergic rhinitis to asthma and reduced new aeroallergen sensitisation. This review will give an overview of the current evidence for sublingual immunotherapy in the paediatric population. Crown Copyright © 2009.
Safety and tolerability of an ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy formulation in a large randomised phase III trial; Background: The efficacy and tolerability of ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (uSCIT) adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) for grass pollen allergy was assessed in a large, randomised, placebo-controlled trial. Here, we closely examine the adverse event (AE) and tolerability profile of uSCIT in this study. Methods: This trial randomised 1028 grass pollen-allergic subjects 1 : 1 to receive active treatment with four preseasonal injections of uSCIT or placebo. Local and systemic reactions and changes in laboratory parameters were monitored during the 24 h following each injection, and AEs were recorded during the therapy period and the rest of the trial. Results: The safety population included 1027 patients (one discontinuation in the placebo group before treatment). During treatment, 361 subjects (70%) in the uS-CIT group and 241 subjects (47%) in the placebo group experienced one or more AEs (P < 0.001). There were no major differences between groups with respect to clinical parameters. Over the four-injection course in the uSCIT group, 63-70% of patients reported no local or systemic AEs, 27-32% reported only local AEs, and 3-7% reported systemic AEs. No major differences were seen between the two treatment groups with regard to other types of AE (systemic events i.e. headache, nasopharyngitis and upper respiratory tract infection). The most common AEs with uSCIT were local symptoms (pain, pruritus, swelling and erythema), and the vast majority of AEs in both groups (98%) were mild or moderate in severity. During the therapy period, AEs with at least a possible relationship to study medication were reported in 299 subjects (58%) who received uSCIT and 135 subjects (26%) who received placebo (P < 0.001). Treatment-related AEs occurred almost exclusively during the therapy period
Foxp3 is increased in the sublingual mucosa after grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy and is accompanied by increases in serum IgG4 and serum inhibitory activity for allergen-IgE binding to B cells; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) using an SQ-standardised extract of Phleum Pratense (ALK Abello, Horsholm Denmark, daily drops containing 25 μg Phleum p5 daily for 12-18 months) resulted in improvements in patients' overall assessment of hayfever severity, suppression of the late skin response and an increase in serum IgG4 level, but no change in T cell numbers, CD1a+ Langerhans' cells or IL-12 mRNA expression in the sublingual mucosa (Lima M, Clin Exp Allergy 2002). We now report measurements of dendritic cell subsets, mast cells, T cells and Foxp3 as a marker of T regulatory cells in the sublingual mucosa and serum inhibitory activity for allergen-IgE binding to B cells (IgE-FAB). Methods: Cryostat/paraformaldhyde sections from the sublingual mucosa from 14 SLIT-treated, nine placebo treated and eight normal controls were immunostained for myeloid dendritic cells (CD1c), plasmacytoid dendritic cells (CD303), mast cells (AA1) and T cells (CD3) using dual-immunofluorescence microscopy. Sections from approximately six subjects from each group were also immunostained for Foxp3 and IL-9. Positive cells were counted blind and expressed per mm2 in the epithelium and subepithelium. Serum inhibitory activity for IgE-FAB was measured at different time points. Results: Epithelial myeloid dendritic cell (mDC) numbers were similar in each group. There were greater subepithelial mDCs in placebo treated patients than normal controls (P = 0.05). Few plasmacytoid dendritic (pDC) cells were seen in any group and were largely confined to the subepithelium. There were possibly fewer subepithelial mast cells and more epithelial T cells in SLIT-compared to placebo-treated subjects (P = 0.1 for both). Foxp3+ cells within the epithelium were present in five of seven SLIT-treated patients compared to zero of six placebo-treated patients (P = 0.014, Chi-Square test) and Foxp3 co-localised to T cells in two subjects in whom dual immunofluorescence was informative. There was a time-dependent increase in serum inhibitory activity for IgE-FAB (P < 0.001), maximal at 6 weeks when compared to placebo-treated patients. Conclusion: These data suggest that SLIT may operate through similar mechanisms to SCIT and is associated with recruitment of T cells including possible Foxp3+ Tregs to the sublingual epithelium, a possible reduction in subepithelial mast cells and is accompanied by increases in serum IgG4 and IgG-associated inhibition of IgE-facilitated allergen presentation.
Characterisation of the group 13 pollen allergen of the subtropical Bahia grass, Paspalum notatum; Background: The subtropical Bahia grass, Paspalum notatum, is an important allergen source with a prolonged period of pollination triggering allergic rhinitis and asthma in sensitized patients. We recently cloned and characterised the group 1 allergen of Bahia grass pollen (BaGP)
A multicenter, randomised, parallel-group trial assessing compliance to 12-month treatment with grass tablets in 259 patients with grass pollen rhinoconjuntivitis; Background: Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) is considered a causal treatment of respiratory allergies. Recent data have shown that continuous SLIT therapy (i.e. 12 consecutive months) offers a greater clinical benefit in comparison with shorter SLIT treatment courses. Therefore compliance to the SLIT is an important aspect for a positive clinical outcome. Aim: To evaluate if compliance of once daily dosing with grass tablet in adult subjects with grass pollen induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis can be increased by providing patients with an electronic compliance device (Memozax) given from the beginning of immunotherapy. Patients and methods: A total of 259 patients with a documented history of grass allergy were included in the trial. The subjects were randomized (1 : 1) to be treated for 1 year with grass tablet oad using a compliance electronic device (group A
Sustained, disease-modifying effect of grass allergen tablet immunotherapy 1 year after completion of treatment; Background: The sustained efficacy following withdrawal of ALK grass allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK-Abello, Hørsholm, Denmark) was investigated in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase III trial. Participants were followed for 1 year after completion of a 3-year period of daily treatment. Participants were adults with a clinical history of moderate to severe grass pollen allergy inadequately controlled by the use of symptomatic medication. Methods: The full analysis set included 283 participants (157 active, 126 placebo) who entered the follow-up investigation 1 year after completion of 3 years treatment. Efficacy endpoints comprised rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores, quality of life, and percentages of symptom and medication free days. Immunological endpoints included serum levels of grass pollen specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor. Safety was assessed by means of adverse events. Results: One year after completion of treatment the active group showed a 26% reduction in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom scores (P < 0.001) and a 29% reduction in medication scores (P < 0.02) when compared with placebo over the entire grass pollen season. This level of sustained efficacy between active and placebo groups was not significantly different compared to the previous season, i.e. during treatment. The difference in percentages of symptom and medication free days during the entire season was 27% (P = 0.04) in favour of AIT. Participants in the active group also reported better rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life both during the entire grass pollen season and during the peak season. Sustained clinical benefit after treatment completion was accompanied by persistent immunological changes as observed for subcutaneous immunotherapy. Six mild adverse events were assessed as treatmentrelated. Eight serious events (four in each group) were all assessed as unlikely related to treatment. Conclusion: This double-blind analysis 1 year after completion of a 3-year period of daily all year round treatment showed significant effects on the primary and key secondary endpoints, thereby demonstrating sustained efficacy with ALK grass AIT following completion of treatment. This is the first time that evidence of disease modification by allergen tablet immunotherapy has been shown in a large-scale, randomised, placebo-controlled trial. No safety issues were identified.
Efficacy and safety of a 300IR five-grass pollen SLIT tablet in children and adolescents with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The efficacy and safety of a five-grass pollen 300IR sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet (Stallergenes SA, France) has recently been confirmed in children and adolescents with grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Secondary and complementary analyses on the trial's intention-to-treat (ITT) population were performed for the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS), the six Average Individual Symptom Scores (AISSs) and for safety parameters according to age class (5 to 11 and 12 to 17). Methods: Two hundred and seventy-eight children (5-17 years of age) with grass pollen-related rhinoconjunctivitis were included in a multinational, randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled phase III trial. They were treated with once-daily five grasspollen SLIT tablets or placebo tablets 4 months prior to and then throughout the pollen season. Each symptom was evaluated daily by the patients (with parental assistance, for the youngest) on a four-point scale from 0 (absent) to 3 (severe). Results: The difference between 300IR and placebo tablets was significant for rhinorrhea (P = 0.038), nasal congestion (P = 0.0012), ocular pruritus (P < 0.0001) and watery eyes (P = 0.0008). Improvements in sneezing and nasal pruritus were not statistically significant. Patients aged 12 to 17 had higher ARTSSs and AISSs than those aged 5 to 11 years whatever the treatment group and the analysed period (pollen season or pollen peak). In both age classes (12-17 and 5-11), the ARTSS was lower in the 300IR group (3.77 and 2.94, respectively) than in the placebo group (4.98 and 4.08, respectively). A complementary subgroup analysis on safety parameters revealed a similar safety profile of the 300IR five-grass pollen sublingual tablet in age subgroups 5-11 and 12-17, as well as in sub-goups 5-7 and 8-11. Conclusion: Five-grass pollen tablet immunotherapy has a significant effect on eye and nasal symptoms such as nasal congestion and rhinorrhea and was in this study an effective treatment for grass polleninduced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children and adolescents, independently of age class. Also, the same dose can be administered to allergic children and adolescents aged 5-17 years without any influence on the tolerability of the treatment.
Safety and efficacy of recombinant grass pollen allergens: A dose - response study; Background: Recombinant DNA technology has delivered the prospect of a new generation of preparations for allergen-specific immunotherapy. The first clinical studies with recombinant allergens have yielded encouraging results. A cocktail of the most relevant recombinant major allergens of timothy grass (Phleum pratense) responsible for grass pollen allergy has been evaluated in a dose-response study to measure the tolerability and efficacy of four increasing doses. Methods: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single-centre, phase II SCIT (subcutaneous immunotherapy) study was performed in 50 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma. Stratification according to symptom severity was performed and 10 patients per arm were randomised to treatment groups to receive either maximum doses of 20 μg, 40 μg, 80 μg or 120 μg rPhleum or placebo. Thirteen injections were planned to apply in a pre-seasonal treatment scheme in weekly intervals. The primary endpoint (EP) of this study was the number of patients with at least one systemic reaction (according to Tryba Grading 1 - 4) with possible, probable or definite relationship to the study medication determined at the end of the updosing phase. Secondary EPs included specific antibody response and change in specific conjunctival and intracutaneous test with natural grass pollen Phleum allergen before and at the end of the trial. Results: Eight of 50 patients had systemic reactions according to the primary EP definition, all in patients receiving one of the 4 doses of active but with no significant differences between the 5 treatment groups (P = 0.591). In all verum groups IgG1 and IgG4 antibodies increased, while there was no increase in the placebo group. Positive effects on the conjunctival provocation test were detected in all active treatment groups. The intracutaneous test both, for early and late response, in wheal and erythema showed decreases with rising doses. Conclusion: Treatment with even very high doses of a cocktail of recombinant major allergens of timothy grass has shown to be safe and efficacious. Intracutaneous test suggest that skin reactivity decreases with rising doses. Moreover, the immunogenic activity of the active trial medication could be demonstrated by the induction or increase of allergen specific IgG1 and IgG4.
Early onset of action of a five-grass pollen 300 IR sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet evaluated in an allergen Challenge Chamber; Background: The efficacy and safety of the 300 IR grass pollen SLIT tablet have been evaluated in clinical studies performed during the pollen season. However, no information on the onset of action of any type of SLIT has been reported. The Vienna Challenge Chamber (VCC) was developed as a pharmacodynamic assessment tool in which highly reproducible allergen challenge sessions are used to overcome problems related to pollen season unpredictability. Methods: Patients with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized into either active (300 IR SLIT tablets, od) (Oralair® Grasses Stallergenes, France) or placebo groups treated for 4 months out of the season, without rescue medication usage. A standardized grass pollen challenge (at a stable count of 1450-1500 grains per m, with symptom evaluation every 15 min) was performed at baseline and after 1 week and 1, 2 and 4 months of treatment. The primary efficacy endpoint was the active versus placebo difference in the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) after 4 months or at the last challenge. Allergen-specific basophil activation, T cell proliferation and plasma IgE and IgG responses were also assessed before and after 4 months of treatment. Results: In the ITT population (n = 89), a significant treatment effect was seen after the 1st month (P = 0.0042) and 2nd month (P = 0.02) of SLIT and was maintained through to month 4 (P = 0.0007). In the active group, the ARTSS decreased at each challenge, i.e. week 1 (7.40 ± 2.68), month 1 (5.89 ± 2.43), month 2 (5.09 ± 2.09) and month 4 (4.85 ± 2.0). The SLIT was well tolerated. The most frequent adverse events (>5% in at least one group) were local and as expected: oral pruritus, throat irritation and ear pruritus. Of the immunological parameters tested, only induction of allergen-specific IgGs was associated with a clinical response. Conclusion: For the first time ever, the onset of action and efficacy of Oralair®Grasses SLIT tablets have been assessed (versus placebo) in an ACC. The effect of this 300 IR grass pollen SLIT tablet on rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms was statistically significant (versus placebo) from the first month of treatment onward.
Asthma due to sulphites treated with immunotherapy; Introduction: We present a 54-years-old woman with sulphite induced asthma that disappeared after immunotherapy treatment. Patient and methods: In 2004 a 54-yearsold woman that consulted because constant rhinoconjuntivitis and asthma, she also presented asthma exacerbation after have some wine and asthma and urticaria after eat hake, codfish and red wine. She has to be treated with salbutamol and corticosteroids improved in a few hours. Results: The allergological study serum determinations of specified IgE (Phadia CAPò method) to dog epithelia (5.88 U/ml), mites (alternaria alternata: 1.90 U/ml), anisakis simplex (1.81 U/ml) and codfish (1.30 U/ml) negative to cat epithelia, home dust, shrimp, hake, octopus and total IgE (115 U/ml), and prick test to mites, home dust, epithelia and pollens (ALK-Abello) positive to grass (8 x 8 mm), Olea europea (9 x 11 mm), Cupressus arizonica (5 x 10 mm), Dog ephitelia (6 x 6 mm), Artemisa vulgaris (6 x 6 mm), Taraxacum (6 x 6 mm), Plantago lanceolata (5 x 7 mm), Anisakis simplex (7 x 5 mm). Negatives to Dermatophagoide Farinae, Pteronyssinus, Alternaria, Aspergillus, Cladosporium, cat epithelia, Cynodon and Platanus occidentales. Respiratory determinatarios were normal. Specific provocation with sulphites (Simon and Steveson measures) was positive at 50 mg dose. The final diagnostic was asthma and rhinoconjuntivitis due to allergic aeroallergens, Sulphites intolerance, and anisakis simplex hypersensitivity. She followed a diet without sulphite and asthma finally was controlled in 2006 when she lived in a dog free environment, she presented just spring exacerbation so that we decided to start a specific pollen immunotherapy. When total asthma controls were reached we decide to repeat part of the initial study. Spirometrical parameters were normal, specific bronchial test with metacholine was negative and Specific provocation with sulphites was negative to 200 mg dose. Asthma is still asymptomatic and she has a free diet including wine. Discussion: They present an allergy asthma with exacerbations due to sulphites in diet than remains asymptomatic after specific immunotherapy treatment. We suggest that when bronchial hyperactivity is controlled by specific immunotherapy some unspecific stimulus is not able to produce asthma exacerbation.
European outcomes amongst allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients participating in a placebo-controlled study of ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (USCIT) conducted during the 2007 grass pollen season; Background: Clinical practice and patient selection for specific immunotherapy (SIT) remains discordant amongst North American and European (EU) allergists. Clinical trials involving multiple countries or regions may be influenced by local factors during their conduct. For seasonal allergy studies this is relevant as differential pollen counts and concurrent sensitisations across areas may affect symptoms and medication usage. Therefore it is valuable to consider the results of large international clinical studies taking into account both the observation period and the locality. Methods: This Phase III study was conducted in the EU and North America. Subjects with seasonal grass pollen-allergy were randomised 1 : 1 to receive preseasonal uSCIT, comprising a 4-injection course of placebo or a 13 grass pollen allergoid formulation which included 50 μg MPL per injection. Efficacy was assessed using a combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) from daily diary data during the grass pollen season, with missing data compensated for using a matched pairs method. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded during the 24 h after each injection and over the whole study. Results: Overall, 117 EU patients were recruited to the study (55 uSCIT, 62 placebo). The magnitude of benefit in CSMS for uSCIT compared with placebo in all randomised EU patients was 24.3% and approached statistical significance (P = 0.085). A more accurate estimate of the treatment effect could be expected from patients who provided data for at least 4 days in each peak pollen week (n = 94
The status of specific immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis - Data analysis of ECAP study; Aim: We sought to investigate the status of specific immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis in the ECAP study population. Material and methods: The ECAP survey, a questionnaire-based study based on EC-RHS II and ISSAC embraced a total of 20 449 subjects. 18 617 subjects were selected to analysis, in three age groups: children (6-7 years old, n = 4510), adolescents (13-14 years old, n = 4721) and adults (aged 22-40, n = 9386), residents of eight urban (Warszawa, Lublin, Bialystok, Gdansk, Poznan, Wroclaw, Katowice, Kraków) and one rural area. One fourth of them (n = 4783) passed throw the clinical examination, including skin prick tests and spirometry (n = 1329 children aged 6-7, n = 1321 adolescents aged 13-14, and n = 2133 adults). All study subjects were randomly selected (n = 97 500) from PESEL data base. The study was conducted in years 2006-2008. Results: The prevalence of allergic rhinitis according ECRHS questionnaire was 12.8-28.8%, mean - 25%. The subjects who were treated with specific immunotherapy represented only a small proportion of those declaring allergic rhinitis: 2.5-11.3%, depending on the age group, mean 6.6%. Symptoms following the exposure to grass pollen were declared by 25-40%, mean 35% of responders with allergic rhinitis
Evolution of subcutaneous specific immunotherapy formulations for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: The recent availability of Phase III data for ultra short course specific immunotherapy (uSCIT) for seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) to grass pollen highlights the evolution of SCIT technology from conventional allergen extracts. Here, we review literature from the past 5 years to determine the differences between standard extract SCIT and more recent formulations. Methods: Research articles on PubMed published during the last 5 years which reported clinical endpoints from SCIT regimens for SAR were selected and reviewed. SCIT formulations included allergen extracts, recombinant allergens, allergoids and adjuvanted allergoids. Results: Reduction in symptoms, medication usage or a combination of the two were commonly used as clinical outcome measures. SCIT was typically found to reduce symptoms or combined symptom/medication scores by ∼30% more than placebo and to be effective in over 80% of patients after one season of therapy. All regimens were well tolerated, and serious adverse reactions were generally rare. Fewer systemic and serious adverse reactions occurred following allergoid-based therapy compared with allergen-based preparations. The uSCIT (adjuvanted allergoid) formulation had the lowest injection burden and was one of two formulations which did not require ongoing maintenance therapy during the pollen season after the induction period. Conclusions: Developing technologies in SCIT have made this mode of therapy a more convenient and realistic option for SAR patients. The clinical efficacy of SCIT has been known for some time. However, practical restraints on its administration have made conventional SCIT relatively inconvenient. uSCIT appears to offer all of the clinical benefits of conventional SCIT but without many of the practical drawbacks, and can be given safely to appropriately-selected patients.
An exciting view on the immunological compartment during specific immunotherapy with grass tablet treatment; Background: Fast-dissolving grass tablets (GRAZAX, ALK-Abello) are the first allergy sublingual tablet to address the underlying cause of grass pollen allergy. GRAZAX® is an once-daily sublingual immunotherapy tablet for home treatment administration. Three Grazax studies display a degree of efficacy almost identical to that found in a recent meta-analysis of 21 SLIT studies. The literature on clinical efficacy of SLIT shows discrepancies between IgG4 level and clinical efficacy and some authors suggest that immunoglobulin production could be an epiphenomenon reflecting the stimulation of a response, after a repeated administration of a foreign protein. The most important mechanism of positive response to SLIT is considered the switch from Th2 to Th1 pattern. Recent studies were performed on production of IL-10 and on its effects on T-cell function and B-cell switching to IgG. Recently, patients treated with SLIT showed an increased number of T-reg cell (CD25 bright, IL-10 producing cells), but it was not demonstrated if this is the only active mechanism of SLIT efficacy or the most important one. Study Aim: The present work looks at the immunological system in a more extensive way, in order to explain the efficacy of grass tablets. Both, humoral and cellular compartment have been evaluated. Patients and methods: Twenty grass allergic patients participating in the GT-17 study (a multicenter trial) were evaluated at Day 0, 14, 180 and 360 of grass tablet treatment. Furthermore, cellular compartment was analized by flow cytometry (FC 500 Instrumentation Laboratory
Comparison of serum interleukin (IL)-10, IL-18, interferon (INF)-γ and IgG4 levels in patients receiving preseasonal and perennial grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: It has been recently shown that perennial immunotherapy (PIT) is more effective than preseasonal immunotherapy (PSIT) in improving symptoms of rhinoconjuctivitis in patients allergic to grass pollen. To date, no comparison of changes in immunological parameters between these two groups was performed. Therefore we aimed to compare serum interleukin (IL)-10, IL-18, interferon (INF)-γ and IgG4 levels in patients receiving preseasonal and perennial grass pollen immunotherapy. Methods: Patients allergic to grass pollen suffering from rhinoconjuctivitis with or without concomitant seasonal asthma were included. After baseline season of observation they were randomized to receive PSIT or PIT in a double-blind manner for 3 years. During each pollen season the blood samples were drawn for immunological parameters determination. Results: Over 4 years, blood samples of 54 (26 from PIT and 28 from PSIT group) patients were collected. Whilst IgG4 concentrations increased steadily during immunotherapy in both groups, IL-10 levels increased significantly only in PIT group, IL-18 levels did not change significantly from baseline and INF-γ concentrations increased in PSIT and PIT groups at the end 3rd year of treatment compared to baseline. We did not find any difference between PSIT and PIT groups in INF-γ, IL-18 and IgG4 levels at any timepoint. We observed significant difference in IL-10 levels in the 2nd season of immunotherapy between PSIT and PIT (5.13 ± 5.26 versus 10.54 ± 9.87 pg/ml, respectively
The novel acute adjuvant-free murine model of bronchial asthma induced by timothy pollen allergen; Background: The purpose of the study was to develop an acute mouse model of bronchial asthma (BA) based on timothy pollen allergen without adjuvant and to establish the immunological, cellular, morphological and functional airway features of this model. Methods: Timothy grass pollen extract (G6) was prepared by standard procedure (Koke solution extraction) and allergenicity as well as total protein content was characterized. Female BALB/c mice (n = 21) were immunized intraperitoneally seven times every other day with 20 mkg (in protein equivalent)/mouse G6 (experimental group). Two weeks later mice were challenged by eight daily intranasal instillations of 500 mkg/mouse G6. Control group (n = 21) was sham treated with saline. Blood sampling was prepared on day 27 and 43. Serum levels of anti-G6 IgE were detected in pooled sera of mice by passive cutaneous anaphylaxis (PCA) using rats. log2 of reciprocal titers of PCA were compared using Fox criteria. Bronchial hyperresponsiveness (BHR) to methacholine (1, 3 and 5 min after intravenous injection of 50 mkg/kg and 200 mkg/kg MCh) was measured on day 42 using pneumotachography. Forty-eight hour after last intranasal introduction blood, bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) and lungs were sampled for histological examinations. Results: The levels of anti-G6 IgE were significantly increased after intranasal instillations of G6 (to 1: 128 sera titer). There were marked features of allergic inflammation in BAL and lung tissue (increment of eosinophil counts, destruction and desquamation of bronchial epithelium, leukocytic peribronchial and perivascular infiltration). The pneumotachography assessment of BHR revealed statistically significant increase of relative and absolute breathing period and decrease of amplitude due to MCh intravenous injections in the model group. Conclusion: The developed acute adjuvantfree murine model is an important tool in the study of aetiopathogeny of human BA and for preclinical evaluation of antiasthmatic therapy (especially antigen-specific immunotherapy) in terms of its safety and effectiveness.
Efficacy of a rush immunotherapy with a depigmented polymerised extract of grass pollen assessed in an Environmental Challenge Chamber; Background: To avoid well known environmental exposure variations we investigated the efficacy of a quick up-titration immunotherapy with a depigmented polymerized allergen extract of grass mixture (Depiquick Grass Mix) in patients with allergic rhinitis under standardized Environmental Challenge Chamber (ECC) conditions. The present clinical study evaluated the efficacy and safety of a subcutaneous immunotherapy with Depiquick Grass Mix extract versus placebo administered in patients suffering from at least moderate response upon 4000 Dactylis glomerata pollen grains/m3 within 2 h exposure in the ECC. Methods: Patient selection: Seventy-two male and female patients aged 20-63 years with hay fever due to grass pollen sensitization were enrolled based on a mild to moderate response upon 4000 Dactylis glomerata pollen grains/m3 within 2 h in the ECC. Main exclusion criteria: Clinically significant sensitization against tree pollen, weed pollen and perennial allergens, persistent asthma (GINA ≥II). Treatment: Immunotherapy was performed using 1000 DPP/ml depigmented and polymerized allergenic extract of grass pollen. The rush treatment began with 0.2 ml followed by 0.3 ml after 30 min at day 1 followed by 5 injections of 0.5 ml/2 weeks. Placebo treatment was performed identically using Depiquick vehicle. Primary outcome was the change from baseline in the median 'Total Nasal Symptom Score' (TNSS) during the allergen challenge which consists of the 4 symptoms nasal obstruction, rhinorrhea, nasal itching, sneezing each scored on a 100 mm visual analogue scale (VAS) ranging from 'none' to 'severe'. Results: Analysis was based on the PP set (N = 69) using a nonparametric test (Median test). Median baseline TNSS for the active group was 152 and for the placebo group 159. The median pre-post difference of the TNSS was - 67 (44%) in the Depiquick Grass Mix and - 45 (28%) in the placebo group, a statistically significant difference between the groups (P = 0.04). Defining responders with an improvement of 30% in TNSS a statistical significant difference between treatment groups could be observed: 23/35 (66%) active and 13/34 (38%) placebo patients responded (P < 0.03). Eleven patients of the Depiquick Grass Mix and 10 of the placebo group developed mild systemic reactions s.a. rhinitis, conjunctivitis, headache, hoarseness and pruritus. Conclusions: Short-term rush immunotherapy with Depiquick Grass Mix was effective and safe as determined by means of ECC evaluation.
Grass pollen SIT in daily medical practice - Effectiveness of sublingual immunotherapy is comparable with subcutaneous treatment; Background: Efficacy of sublingual (SLIT) and subcutaneous (SCIT) immunotherapy has been confirmed in numerous randomized controlled trials, but the comparison of both treatment routes in daily clinical practice is missing. Methods: Two observational studies with SLIT (Staloral300®) and SCIT (Alustal®) in patients with allergic rhinitis were included in an IPD-meta-analysis to evaluate the outcomes of both application routes in the first season under treatment based on the rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms score before and under treatment. Results: A total of 415 patients (206 M, 202 F, 7 N/A, mean age 21.9 years, mean disease duration 5.1 years) were treated, 305 patients with SLIT, 110 with SCIT. The patients received a mixture of five grasses or a combination of 5 grasses and cereals. 60.3% of patients reported severe rhinitis symptoms before SLIT treatment. This group was reduced by nine tenth to 6.8% during the treatment period. The proportion of 71.8% of patients with severe rhinitis symptoms before SCIT was reduced to 8.9% during the treatment period. Consequently, the number of patients. with mild to moderate symptoms raised from 38.0% to 70.7% (SLIT) and from 28.2% to 84.8% (SCIT), respectively, and 22.5% of SLIT patients and 6.3% of SCIT patients had no rhinitis symptoms at all under treatment. Before SLIT, 81.1% of patients had symptoms often or very often. During SLIT, 75.7% had symptoms only seldom or sometimes. For SCIT, the figures were 89.6% and 75.0%, respectively. Conjunctivitis symptoms showed a similar improvement in severity and frequency. The total rhinoconjunctivitis score was reduced in both groups (SLIT: -2.55, P < 0.001
Quality of life benefits for patients with seasonal grass pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis receiving ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (uSCIT) with MPL adjuvant; Background: Seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is known to affect quality of life and the ability to perform everyday tasks. This effect has been demonstrated using allergy-specific quality of life (QoL) questionnaires, which have consistently recorded lower QoL in patients with the condition than in controls. This multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled study examined the effects of ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (uSCIT) with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvant on QoL for patients with seasonal grass pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A total of 1028 patients were randomised to receive four preseasonal injections of uSCIT with MPL adjuvant (n = 514) or placebo (n = 514). A validated rhinoconjunctivitis questionnaire (RQLQ) was used to evaluate QoL. Seven domains were assessed: activities, sleep, non-nose/eye symptoms, ocular symptoms, practical problems, nasal symptoms and emotional wellbeing. The scores were recorded when the first dose of uSCIT was administered (an assessment of the previous pollen season), 2-3 weeks after the final dose, in the middle of the grass pollen season and then again after the season (assessing the previous week). Results: As expected, in both groups, RQLQ scores were lowest at the mid-season assessment. No significant difference was demonstrated between treatment groups, pre or postseason. During the pollen season, the overall RQLQ scores for patients treated with uSCIT were significantly better than those recorded by the subjects who had received placebo (P = 0.0153). In addition to this, better scores were recorded by the uSCIT-treated group than by the placebo group during the pollen season for the individual domains of activities (P = 0.0045), nonnose/eye symptoms (P = 0.020), practical problems (P = 0.023), nasal symptoms (P = 0.053) and emotional wellbeing (n = 0.0097)
Specific immunotherapy for outpatients consulting for respiratory allergy symptoms - The French REALIS survey; Background: Little information is available on the management of allergic respiratory diseases by allergists. A French nationwide REALIS survey was performed to describe the management of patients consulting for allergic rhinitis or/and asthma according to their clinical and sensitization profiles. Methods: A sum of 326 allergists enrolled 2774 patients consulting for respiratory allergy and for whom allergen testing was planned for the first time. Doctors and patients filled out questionnaires on sociodemographic characteristics, clinical symptoms, skin prick test results and sensitization. Results: The patients (mean ± SD age: 26.21 ± 15.15 years) mainly presented rhinitis alone (57.6%) or rhinitis associated with asthma (40.2%). 73.8% were polysensitized and were more likely to suffer from rhinitis combined with asthma (P < 0.001). Patients experiencing more frequently moderate-to-severe rhinitis (80%) and intermittent/persistant mild asthma. The most frequent sensitizing allergens were house dust mites (64.4%), grass pollen (59.6%), cat dander (26.7%) and tree pollen (24.1%). When allergists were asked about their intention to initiate specific immunotherapy (SIT), 55.6% replied affirmatively for all allergens. This percentage was even higher (57.4%) for polysensitized patients and those allergic to grass pollen (63.5%) and differed significantly according to age group. The most frequent reasons for offering SIT were insufficient symptom control with symptomatic medications and a request by the patient him/herself. The determining factors in favour of offering SIT were the severity of rhinitis (OR = 3.1, [2.14
Does allergen specific immunotherapy influence clinical chemistry and haematology laboratory parameters in adults?; Background: A standard clinical variable in clinical trials with products for allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the measurement of allergen specific antibody response. In addition, the upcoming European Medicines Agency (EMEA) guideline on the clinical development of products for SIT requested the performance of more general safety laboratory including haematology and blood chemistry tests. We checked laboratory variables of two clinical trials with two different routes of application of grass and birch pollen extract to address the question whether SIT has an impact on routine laboratory parameters. Methods: Thirteen haematological laboratory parameters and eight clinical chemistry parameters were evaluated from two double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised, multi-centre, phase III clinical trials with 373 patients in total suffering from allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma. The status at baseline was compared with the values obtained at the end of the double blind study phase. A sum of 162 patients were treated with a high-dose sublingual grass pollen preparation or placebo for 14 months. The other 211 patients were treated with a subcutaneous hypoallergenic birch pollen allergoid or placebo for 2 years. Gamma GT was measured only in the study with the subcutaneous hypoallergenic birch pollen preparation. Median values of each parameter from baseline and after treatment were compared. Differences in the median values of more than 10% were discussed. Results: SIT with a high-dose sublingual grass pollen preparation or a subcutaneous hypoallergenic birch pollen allergoid did not show an influence on any of the 21 laboratory parameters analysed here from two studies. Conclusion: The evaluation of these parameters during the screening-process of clinical trials is essential in view of potential contraindications. The need for repeated measurement of these parameters after SIT routinely in each clinical trial during the development process may be subject of consideration, at least for preparation from natural sources as evaluated here.
Grass allergen tablet immunotherapy in children induces IgG4 antibody and 4IgE-blocking responses similar to those seen in adults; Background: Serum antibody responses were investigated after ALK grass allergen tablet immunotherapy (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense 75 000 SQ-T/2800 BAU, ALK-Abelló) in children and results compared to those obtained after the same treatment in adults. Methods: In randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre trials in children (5-16 year) and adults (18-65 year), AIT was initiated prior to the grass pollen season, and once-daily treatment was continued until the end of the season. All participants had a clinical history of moderate to severe grass allergy. The levels of Phleum pratense specific IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor (i.e. serum components competing with IgE for allergen binding) were assessed in serum samples before, during and after the grass pollen season. Results: In children, specific IgG4 was significantly increased from the initial level at all assessments after treatment initiation in the active group (P < 0.001). The increase after 7.3 months of treatment was 32 U/l. In adults, 8 months of treatment led to an increase in the active group of 45.7 U/l from the initial level (P < 0.001). The IgE-blocking factor increased in the active AIT groups in both children and adults (significantly different treatment effect in the active groups compared to the placebo groups, P < 0.001 in both trials). In children the difference from the initial level in IgE-blocking factor in the active group was 0.25 after 7.3 months, while in adults the difference was 0.15 after 8 months. The adult placebo group showed no significant change while the paediatric placebo group showed a slight increase in IgE-blocking factor during the grass pollen season. The clinical treatment effect in children by means of the rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score and the percentage of well days was also similar to that observed in adults when looking at comparable pollen exposure periods. Conclusion: These data confirm comparable elevations in serum IgG4 antibodies and IgE-blocking activity in children compared with adults following successful treatment with ALK grass AIT. In addition, the higher seasonal elevations in IgE-blocking activity in placebo-treated children compared with adults, suggest that children may establish a more tolerogenic rather than allergic immune response during the grass pollen season. This observation suggests that the use of AIT in childhood may ameliorate the ongoing natural course of the disease more efficiently than AIT during adulthood.
Assessment of the efficacy of subcutaneous (SIT), sublingual (SLIT) and combined SIT and SLIT allergen immunotherapy in patients with pollen allergy and cross-reacting food allergen sensitisation; Background: According to data from our center, more than 50% of patients with pollen allergy also have reactions to crossreacting food allergens. This study assesses the dynamics of allergen specific IgE, serum and secretory IgA and auto-antibodies to pancreatic tissue in patients who received combined subcutaneous (SIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy. Methods: A sum of 120 patients with seasonal pollen allergy along with allergy to cross-reacting foods were studied for 1 year. Patients were divided into three groups: Group 1 was treated with SIT for grass pollen allergens
Therapeutic approaches for patients with allergic rhinitis induced by grass pollen: The findings of the Spanish petra study; Background: Although allergic rhinitis is the leading cause of consultation in the allergist's office, detailed, reliable and validated data on the therapeutic approaches (drugs and specific subcutaneous or sublingual immunotherapy (SCIT and SLIT)) used by allergy specialists in routine practice are still scare. The aim of this study was to determine which therapeutic approaches are used in Spain in patients with allergic rhinitis induced by grass pollen. Methods: In this multicentre, observational study, 292 allergy specialists had to recruit four patients over the age of 5, consulting a specialist for the first time and diagnosed with allergic rhinitis. Details of the patients' treatments were recorded by means of a questionnaire filled out by the physician. Results: Of the patients allergic to grass pollen (524 out of the 1134 individuals recruited), 52% were male and 48% were female. The mean ± SD age was 29.3 ± 12.8. Drugs, environmental control, educational measures and specific immunotherapy (SIT) were employed in 100%, 91.4%, 87.6% and 43.2% of the patients, respectively. Oral antihistamines (97.7%) and nasal corticosteroids (82.6%) were the most frequently prescribed drugs
Grass pollen preseasonal immunotherapy: The effect on direct medical cost and quality of life; Background: Preseasonal allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) has been shown to be effective and safe in short-term. However, it is unknown whether this SIT model has additional benefit regarding cost and quality of life (QOL) of patients. Objective: To assess the cost-effectiveness and QOL of preseasonal pollen SIT in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis (AR) and co-existing asthma at the first year. Methods: Seventy-eight adult patients with AR/asthma who live in Ankara city were included in this prospective, observational study. The first year (2007), all patients kept regularly diary cards for daily symptom and medication scores during the pollen season. At the second year (2008), they were randomly selected for SIT (n:36) and control groups (n:42). The patients on SIT group received 7 injections of depot grass pollen extract (Allergovit®, Allergopharma, Germany or ALK-7®, ALK-Abello, Denmark) at weekly intervals before the pollen peak in 2008. Both groups were allowed for drug treatment as needed during the season. The patients filled Turkish version of Junipers rhinitis (RQOL) and asthma (AQOL) questionnaires before and after season. The study groups were followed with symptom/medication scores and evaluated at 3 control visits (beginning, during, end of the season). To calculate direct cost of therapies (euros spent on drugs and vaccine)
Bronchial immunotolerance after ultrashort-course immunotherapy adjuvanted with Monophosphoryl lipid a; Introduction: After several years of specific immunotherapy (SCIT) there is an increase in specific bronchial tolerance. To what extent this effect can be seen after a shortterm immunotherapy with Monophosphoryl lipid A (Pollinex Quattro®) is so far unclear. Methods: In a prospective study including 44 children double-sensitized to birch and grass pollen (33 male, average age 10.5 years) the development of bronchial tolerance before, 4 weeks after SCIT, and after the pollen season was studied. All patients received a SCIT for birch, but only those with a positive bronchial allergen challenge (drop of FEV1 >20% after inhalation of 30 AU of grass pollen) received a SCIT for grass pollen. Results: According to the result of the bronchial allergen challenge the patients were divided into three groups: Group 1: FEV1 drop <7%, n = 24, group 2: > 7 < 20%, n = 10, group 3: ≥20%, n = 10. After the pollen season group 1 worsened significantly (P < 0.01), group 2 was unchanged. Those who received immunotherapy (group 3) improved 4 weeks after SCIT (FEV1-drop 36 versus 10%, P < 0.001). This improvement in bronchial tolerance was only transient and at the end of the pollen season no longer detectable (FEV1-drop 30%, P = 0.61). Conclusion: In patients with grass pollen allergy without SCIT the specific bronchial sensitivity increased significantly. We are the first to demonstrate an increased bronchial tolerance in patients receiving SCIT 4 weeks after treatment. Unfortunately this effect was significantly weakened after the pollen season. Probably further cycles of therapy are needed for the development of a sustained bronchial tolerance.
Ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy in asthmatic patients with allergy to grass pollen; Background: An international Phase III placebo-controlled trial in 1028 patients with moderate-to-severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen reported a significant benefit for ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (uSCIT) compared with placebo in terms of combined symptom and medication scores (CSMS). Here, we investigate the effects of uSCIT in the cohort of enrolled patients in the study who had concurrent asthma, compared with non-asthmatics. Methods: In the intent-to-treat cohort from the whole study, 144 patients had grass pollen-induced asthma (14%)
The effect of the matched pairs method on the measurement of treatment effect in a trial of ultra short course specific immunotherapy; Background: A common problem during the assessment of specific immunotherapy (SIT) in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is incomplete data from patient diaries during the pollen season. Such data gaps may be filled using the matched pairs method, but this process has the potential to distort the data and invite misleading conclusions. Here we compare whole-population, matched-pair data from a large Phase III trial with the subgroup of patients for whom complete data were available to assess the effect of the matched pairs method. Methods: In a large, randomised, Phase III trial, 1028 patients with moderate-to-severe allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen received ultra short course specific immunotherapy (uSCIT) or placebo. Efficacy was measured using a combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) from patient diary data collected during the four peak weeks of pollen exposure. We compared data for the whole population, which utilised a matched pairs method to fill data gaps, with data from the subset of subjects for whom complete data were available. Results: There were 343 subjects for whom 28 diary entries were available during the four peak weeks of the pollen season (177 uSCIT, 166 placebo). In both the whole population and the complete data subgroup, uSCIT was found to be significantly more effective than placebo, with improvements in the CSMS of 13.4% (P = 0.0038) and 26.9% (P = 0.0031) for the whole population and complete data groups, respectively. There was a similar pattern for symptom scores alone (eyes and nose), with improvements for uSCIT compared with placebo of 10.9% (P = 0.0132) and 24.7% (P = 0.0181) for the whole population and complete data groups, respectively. Conclusion: The disparity in the primary endpoint between the whole population and the subgroup with complete data was considerable. Although a significant benefit for uSCIT compared with placebo was detected in each set of data, the size of the effect was approximately doubled when complete data were used to compare the treatment groups. It is therefore apparent that using the matched pairs method to compensate for incomplete data may not improve the precision of the estimate of treatment effect for the whole population, in this case yielding a 50% underestimate of treatment efficacy in approximately one third of subjects. This phenomenon represents a significant challenge in the assessment of SIT formulations for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
Safety, tolerability and efficacy of a grass tablet 12-month treatment: A prospective multicenter trial in 259 Patients with grass pollen rhinoconjuntivitis; Background: Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) is considered a causal treatment of respiratory allergies. Recent data have shown that continuous SLIT therapy (i.e. 12 consecutive months) offers a greater clinical benefit in comparison with shorter SLIT treatment courses. Study Aim: To evaluate the first-dose safety and the long term efficacy and tolerability of grass tablets in adult subjects with moderate-severe grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. Patients and methods: A total of 259 patients (mean age 34 years, 155 men) with a documented history of grass allergy were included in a multicenter trial. The subjects were treated for 1 year with standardized grass allergen extract tablets (75.000 SQ-T oad, Grazax) without any induction phase. First-dose safety was evaluated by the investigator recording any symptom or sign of side effects up to 30 min after the first intake. Tolerability was evaluated registering any side effect observed during the entire study duration. Efficacy was evaluated measuring the symptom score of nasal and ocular symptoms and signs comparing the two consecutive pollen seasons (baseline and after 12-month SLIT treatment) Results: No serious adverse events were observed during the first-tablet intake. Symptom score significantly (P = 0.0004) decreased after SLIT treatment in comparison with baseline pollen season values (2.6 versus 6.4
An abbreviated dose escalation scheme of a high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) Single Dose Preparation is safe and convenient in adults and children; Background: A new generation of highdose sublingual immunotherapy was launched in 2006. Data from a doubleblind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial verified the statistically significant and clinically relevant efficacy and good tolerability of the grass-pollen preparation. The study dose escalation (on one day) stipulated three applications of increasing doses with a total waiting period of 150 min (60/60/30). To obtain data on safety of an abbreviated dose escalation scheme used in daily practice in a large number of patients, data were retrospectively collected in an observational study. Methods: A structured 4-sided questionnaire was used to collect data of 345 subjects suffering from IgE-mediated allergy to grass pollen from 83 office-based specialist's practices. The documentation comprised amongst others patients' case history, dose escalation scheme and adverse reactions (AR). Moreover, physicians assessed tolerability of initial therapy by means of a visual analogue scale (VAS), ranging from 1 (very good) to 10 (very bad) and convenience in daily practice via choice boxes (unproblematical to integration not possible). Results: 50% male and 50% female patients aged 5 to 75 years (mean 30.4 years) were included. 9% of them were children (5 to 11 years) and another 9% were young adults (12-17 years). 333 (97%) of subjects received the individual maintenance dose on the first day. In 50% of the cases the escalation scheme was abbreviated by the doctors from suggested 60 min waiting period between the doses to just 15 min. The overall safety was very good: only mild to moderate AR were observed during dose escalation - most frequently oral allergy syndrome (e.g. allergic symptoms, lip swelling or itching, prickle under the tongue), no serious adverse reactions. Children and young adults showed the same frequency of ARs as adults. The overall tolerability was stated by the physicians (via VAS) with 1.98 in the average. The Chi square-test of the different escalation schemes showed no significant difference in appearance of ARs. Conclusion: The high-dose SLIT Single Dose preparation (AllerSlit forte) is convenient and safe to administer within the doctor's practice during the short escalation phase.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with a high-dose 6-grass pollen preparation progressively increases in the third treatment year; Background: Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) depends on a sufficiently high maintenance dose as recently confirmed by the ARIA workshop report (2008 update). Often SLIT trials last for at most 2 years, and only few data are available about the effect of further treatment years. Progressive efficacy of a high-dose Single Dose grass pollen preparation has been shown in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial for the first two treatment years. The preparation was standardized to the content of 40 μg grasses group 5 allergens in the maintenance dose. Aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a third treatment year. Methods: After a baseline period in 2003 grass pollen-allergic patients (rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma) received treatment with AllerSlit forte or placebo for two consecutive years (2004 and 2005). Data from 39 of the former 49 actively treated patients in the Main Data Set (MDS) were available in the third, open treatment year (2006). Symptom and medication scores, and the number of 'well days' (days with a symptom score ≤4 and without use of any rescue medication) were evaluated. Results: Symptom and medication scores were further improved during the third treatment year in comparison to the year before. The percentage of patients who did not need any rescue medication during the 42-day observation period in the grass pollen season continuously increased during the study: 0% at baseline, 19% at the end of the double-blind phase in 2005 to 31% in the third treatment year. Additionally, the median number of 'well days' increased during the 3 years: from 6/42 days at baseline pollen season, and 19.5/42 days after two treatment years in 2005 to 35/42 'well days' after 3 years of SLIT. The high-dose preparation was well tolerated with mainly mild adverse reactions. No serious drugrelated adverse events occurred. Conclusion: The third year of SLIT with the high-dose grass pollen preparation caused an additional benefit for the patients. Allergic symptoms and the intake of rescue medication were further reduced during the grass pollen season. The high number of 'well days' affirms the progressive efficacy.
Evaluation of a 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablet in a pediatric population at the pollen peak; Background: The efficacy and safety of grass pollen SLIT tablets in children and adolescents have been established using the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) during the whole pollen season as the primary efficacy endpoint. Complementary analyses were performed at the pollen peak in order to assess the robustness of results. Methods: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 278 children and adolescents (5-17 years.) with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized to receive either a 300IR SLIT tablet (Stallergenes SA, France) or placebo daily for the 4 months preceding the pollen season and then throughout the latter. Pollen counts were recorded using Hirst-type volumetric pollen traps, close to each of the 29 study centres. The study centre-specific pollen peak start and end dates were based on the most intensive pollen period over approximately 10 or 14 days per study centre. Results: The pollen season at the various sites varied between 13 and 76 days (mean: 41 days), whereas the appropriately defined mean pollen peak season was 12 days, varying from 5 to 17 days. For the whole pollen season, the mean ARTSS difference between the active and placebo groups was highly statistically significant (P = 0.0010
Efficacy assessment in an allergen challenge chamber (ACC) of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with a 5-grass pollen tablet; Background: Studies evaluating the efficacy and safety of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) treatments are performed during the pollen season and are therefore influenced by rescue medication usage and by unpredictable variations in pollen levels/exposure from 1 year to another, one centre to another, one patient to another. The ACC has been developed as a pharmacodynamic tool for assessing AR symptoms and treatment effects in a controlled environment. Methods: Patients with grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized to receive 300IR SLIT tablets or placebo and were challenged in the ACC at different times. For each challenge, all patients were exposed to the same pollen air concentration for 4 h. The primary efficacy analysis (covariance analysis with treatment as main effect and baseline as covariate) compared the treatment groups in terms of the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) at endpoint (after 4 months of treatment or at the last recorded challenge), for the intention-totreat (ITT) population. Rescue medication was not used
A new primary efficacy endpoint for specific immunotherapy clinical trials; Background: In outdoor clinical trials of specific immunotherapy for allergic conditions, rescue medication use, which cannot be prohibited for ethical reasons, biases symptom scores assessment. There is a clinical need to develop a new primary efficacy endpoint which takes account of both symptom severity and rescue medication use. Methods: Three efficacy endpoints (the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS), the Average Rescue Medication Score (ARMS) and the Average Combined Score (ACS)) were calculated for two clinical trials (VO34.04 and VO52.06, in which rescue medication was allowed) and a pollen chamber trial (VO56.07A, in which rescue medication was prohibited) of the ORALAIR sublingual tablet for treating grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. A new primary efficacy endpoint (the Average Adjusted Symptom Score, AASS) is based on adjustment of the ARTSS as a function of rescue medication use. The AASS was calculated in the three trials and compared with usual endpoints results. Results: In VO34.04 and VO52.06 trials, the AASS prompted the same efficacy conclusions as the ARTSS. For the 300IR dosage in VO34.04 and VO52.06, the difference in AASS adjusted means [95% confidence interval] between the 300IR dosage and placebo (-1.95 [-2.80
Seasonal SLIT clearly improves quality of life of grass pollen allergic patients - Evaluation in a daily life setting; Background: Improvement in quality of life (QoL) with SLIT has been shown in randomized controlled trials, and the impact on QoL especially in daily life is of gaining importance at all levels of the healthcare setting. Methods: QoL was evaluated in an observational, prospective study with a validated questionnaire (Rhinasthma) before start of treatment with seasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass mixture (Staloral®) and at the end of the season as well as rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma symptoms from a patient's diary. In addition, compliance was assessed by the physician. Results: A total of 358 patients (158 m, 190 f, 10 N/A, mean age 32.9 y, mean disease duration 8.8 y) were included. 69.1% were polysensitized, mostly grasses and birch
A multicentre study to evaluate the adherence of sublingual and Depot immunotherapy to mixed grass in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma: The polite study; Background: Compliance is a major determinant for allergy treatment. The aim of this post-marketing surveillance study was to compare the adherence of sublingual (Sublivac, Haarlem Allergen Labs BV, Haarlem, The Netherlands) and Depot (Purethal) immunotherapy to mixed grass. Methods: The adherence of the treatment was assessed by a case report form designed specifically for the study. Compliance was considered as appropriate when the treatment was adequately administered during the study period. Data were collected over for 7 months. Sixty patients (27 female) from 8 to 58 years (30.5 ± 12.3 years) were included. All individuals have been diagnosed of rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma before the start of the study. The treatment was administered pre-seasonally according to the usual dosage schedule of both treatments. Results: Thirty-four patients had rhinoconjunctivitis + asthma, 22 rhinoconjunctivitis, 2 rhinitis, and 2 rhinitis + asthma. Purethal and Sublivac were prescribed in 21 (35%) and 39 (65%) subjects, respectively. At the end of the study, 79% of subjects had an appropriate compliance of the treatment. The treatment was discontinued with Sublivac and Purethal in 8% and 13% cases, respectively. The treatment was discontinued in Sublivac because of wrong treatment fulfilment and in Purethal for not requesting the maintenance treatment. Conclusions: The results presented here indicate that the short-term compliance for allergy treatment is good and it's not influenced by the administration route. The data obtained support that the compliance with Sublivac is adequate despite the therapy given at home.
Clinical efficacy of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy in children; Background: High dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has already proved to be safe and effective in adults and at least safe in children in a previous preliminary report. This study investigated the efficacy of high dose SLIT in children allergic to grass pollen. Methods: Fifty eight children, mean age 9 years, with rhino-conjunctivitis and/without asthma, clinically sensitized to grasses, were admitted to high-dose grass SLIT (Allerslit Forte, Allergopharma Joachim Ganzer KG, Reinbek, Germany) with maintenance dose standardized on 40 μg of Phl p 5. The maintenance dose was reached in a rush build up phase within 2.5 h. Symptoms and medication (SMS) diaries, along with QoL, were evaluated in children who had completed 4.8 and 12 months of treatment. The start of treatment was adjusted in order to record two controls during the pollen season. Prick tests and RAST were repeated after 6 and 12 months respectively. Results: Children with 4-month treatment showed a decrease in SMS
Relation between grass pollen exposure and efficacy for a grass allergen immunotherapy tablet; Background: Pollen levels display extreme day-to-day variation. Hence, post hoc analyses exploring the effect of grass pollen exposure on efficacy measures and observed differences between treatment groups were performed for a phase III trial investigating the efficacy and safety in children of the once-daily ALK grass allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU). Methods: A total of 253 children aged 5-16 years with grass allergy were randomised 1 : 1 to receive either active treatment or placebo prior to and throughout the grass pollen season 2007. Symptomatic medications were provided as rescue medication to both groups in a step-wise fashion. Statistical analyses of efficacy parameters were performed with two different definitions of the pollen season, using 10 or 30 grains/m3 as threshold. In addition, the effect of pollen exposure was explored by investigating the efficacy for days with low, medium and high pollen counts and by modelling the dependence of the efficacy scores on the pollen count for each treatment group. Results: Statistically significant differences between active and placebo demonstrated effect of the ALK grass AIT throughout the entire grass pollen season for both pollen season definitions. The definition of the pollen season influenced the efficacy outcome. Using 10 grains/m3, the relative differences between active and placebo were 22% for both the mean symptom score and for well days. These differences increased upon replacing the threshold with 30 grains/m3, to 28% for the symptom score and 44% for well days. On days with high pollen counts (>50 grains/m3), symptoms increased compared to days with low pollen counts (≤10 grains/m3), from a daily average of 2.1 to 3.8 for the placebo group and from 1.7 to 2.7 for the active group. Simultaneously the average medication score increased from 0.8 to 2.4 for the placebo group but only from 0.4 to 0.9 for the active group. Modelling of the efficacy scores showed a substantial increase in the difference between active and placebo upon increasing pollen load. Conclusion: This was the first phase III trial investigating the ALK grass AIT in children. A clear statistically significant difference between active and placebo was seen throughout the entire grass pollen season, in favour of active treatment. On days with high pollen counts the clinical benefit of the ALK grass AIT was markedly increased, both for symptoms and for the use of symptomatic medication.
Treatment with a grass allergen immunotherapy tablet in children above and below the age of 10 - efficacy, safety and immunological response; Background: Treatment with the ALK grass allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU), is efficacious and well-tolerated in adult grass-allergic patients. Younger children are often perceived as good candidates for immunotherapy, and post hoc analyses to explore possible differences between younger and older children were performed for an ALK grass AIT paediatric phase III trial. Methods: A total of 253 children aged 5-16 years with grass allergy were randomised 1 : 1 to receive either active treatment or placebo prior to and throughout the grass pollen season 2007. Symptomatic medications were provided as rescue medication to both groups. The population was divided into two age groups comprising 140 children aged 5-10 years and 113 children aged 11-16 years. The effect of age on efficacy was also analysed by including age as a covariate in the symptom score analysis. Results: Including age as a covariate in the symptom score analysis indicated age to have no influence on the efficacy, as demonstrated by a P-value of 0.6 for the interaction between age and treatment. Analysis of the difference between active and placebo for each age group showed a slightly higher relative difference in symptom score for the younger children compared with the older, 26% versus 19%. The difference between active and placebo was statistically significant for the 5-10 year old (P = 0.047) although the trial was powered for analysis of the population as a whole. In the active group the percentage of adverse events (AEs) assessed as treatment-related was nominally lower for the younger group than for the older children, 32% versus 40%. The percentages of AEs assessed as moderate or severe in the active group were similar for the two age groups. For both active and placebo, the overall number of AEs was nominally higher in the younger group than in the older group. The immunological response (IgE, IgG4 and IgE-blocking factor) was similar for the two age groups. There was a tendency for the younger group towards an increased response in IgE-blocking factor with onset of the grass pollen season, evident in both the actively treated and the placebo group. Conclusion: This was the first phase III trial investigating the ALK grass AIT in children. Once-daily administration was found to be clinically efficacious and welltolerated. The effect was comparable for children below and above the age of 10, as was the safety pattern and the immunological response.
Oral treatment of allergy with a nonpathogenic microorganism: A randomised clinical trial; Background: Parasitic infestations have been hypothesized to reduce the risk of atopy and allergic disease by stimulating the immune system at intestinal mucosal surfaces. Because results from deworming trials, observational studies, and animal studies have been inconclusive we performed the first clinical trial to test the efficacy and safety of a controlled parasitic infection on allergic disease. Methods: Randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled phase II trial including 100 volunteers with grass-pollen allergy randomized to treatment with the parasite Trichuris suis (oral administration of eggs) and placebo every 3rd week for a total of 24 weeks covering before, during and after the pollen season. The site was the largest allergy clinic in Denmark. Each participant recorded a schematic diary (symptom, quality of life, visual analog scale (VAS), and improvement score
Recombinant timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 5.0109: Physicochemical characterisation of the proposed international standardisation reference molecule; Background: Group five allergens are major allergens of grasses. Together with group 1 allergens they account for the majority of IgE-reactivity in sera of grass allergic subjects. The Phl p 5 allergens are a heterogeneous group of proteins comprising of two isoallergens (Phl p 5a and Phl p 5b) with several variants. Phl p 5.0109 is a representative for Phl p 5a, and a recombinant preparation has been chosen as a reference molecule in the international standardization project, CREATE. Recombinant Phl p 5.0109 has also been used in clinical trials of allergen specific immunotherapy as part of a recombinant allergen cocktail. Methods: Purified recombinant Phl p 5.0109 has been analysed by SDS-PAGE, Western Blot, IEF, SEC-MALS, AF4- MALS, N-terminal sequencing, MALDI- MS and MS/MS peptide mapping. Amino acid analysis, refractive index (RI) measurements and the Edelhoch method have been used to measure the molar absorption coefficient ε necessary for spectrophotometric protein concentration determinations. Results: Purified Phl p 5.0109 appears as a homogeneous preparation as shown by single bands in SDS-PAGE, Western blot and IEF. Mass determination by light scattering experiments (MALS) proves the monomeric state of rPhl p 5.0109. The ε- determinations yielded comparable results with Edelhoch and RI-based methods, which differ from those of sequence based prediction methods and from amino acid analysis. Conclusion: Recombinant Phl p 5.0109 is a well-characterised candidate suitable as a reference standard for allergen quantification as well as for allergen specific immunotherapy using recombinant allergens.
Epitope-specific immunisation with a mimotope gene vaccine of Phl p 5; Background: A DNA vaccine encoding the mimotope of grass pollen major allergen Phl p 5 was constructed. Methods: To prove whether the mimotope gene can induce an allergen-specific immune response, naive BALB/c mice were immunized s.c. either with the construct alone or linked to a Tetanus toxin T-helper epitope. Moreover, two immunization strategies were compared, i.e. gene gun bombardment versus intradermal injection. Results: Intradermal and gene gun application of both mimotope constructs elicited Phl p 5-specific antibody responses. Gene gun bombardment induced a Th2 biased immune response, typically associated with IgG1 and IgE antibody production. In contrast, intradermal injection induced blocking antibodies which were able to inhibit allergen-specific cross-linking of IgE in an RBL assay. Whereas the DNA construct encoding the full length Phl p 5 was shown to activate allergen-specific T cells and thereby IL-4 and IFN-γ production, the mimotope constructs being devoid of allergen-specific T-cell epitopes were not able to stimulate cytokine production. Conclusion: Intradermal injection of a mimotope gene induced a Th1 biased immune response accompanied by the induction of blocking IgG antibodies and devoid of allergen-specific T cell activation. We therefore suggest that mimotope gene vaccines are suitable candidates for epitope-specific immunotherapy.
A correlation of serum specific IgE and skin prick tests; The correlation of clinical data with laboratory tests is important in diagnosing the atopic diseases. This study is planned for investigating the predictivity of environmental allergen sp IgE levels toward diagnosing atopic diseases through clinical and laboratory (skin test) methods. The 172 patients were those who have been applied immunotherapy between November 2005 and July 2008, in Ege University Medical Faculty, Department of Pediatric Pulmonology-Allergy, and evaluated with serum specific IgE levels and skin prick tests. Male/female ratio was 1.6, with an average age of 12.5 ± 3.6 years (age range 5-20), average starting age of allergic complaint at 6.9 ± 3.5 years (age range 0-16). A 49.4% (n = 85) of the patients had family members having atopic problems. A 55.2% (n = 95) of the patients were being followed with a diagnosis of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis
Simultaneous SCIT with two separate allergen extracts demonstrates comparable safety and efficacy compared to SCIT with a single allergen extract; Background: Subcutaneous Immunotherapy (SCIT) is a well approved and the only disease modifying treatment for allergies and allergic asthma. For multi-sensitized patients the simultaneous application of 2 allergen extracts is frequently used. Although, this treatment option is used for a number of patients, little is known about the effects and safety of simultaneous SCIT. Aim of the study: To investigate the outcome and side effects of IT with simultaneous applicated SCIT compared with the results of standard single SCIT. Methods: A total of 77 patients with allergic rhinitis or allergic asthma sensitized for birch and/or grass pollen were included. 25 were treated with a simultaneous SCIT with a birch pollen extract and a grass pollen extract, 29 with a SCIT for birch pollen, 23 with grass pollen immunotherapy. Patients received treatment for 1 year. All patients answered questionnaires to record the improvement of their symptoms and any adverse events. IgG4 and specific IgE was detected. Bodypletysmography was determined before and after 1 year after of therapy. Results: SCIT reduced symptoms and usage of medication in all groups. The side effects did not differ significantly in number or severity. In all groups a significant decrease in specific IgE and a significant increase in IgG4 was measured. The frequency of adverse events in the single SCIT groups were comparable to the simultaneous SCIT group. Patients satisfaction with therapy was best in the group of simultaneous treated patients. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that simultaneous SCIT with two allergen extracts is a safe alternative to SCIT with one allergen extract. The resulting higher cumulative dose might result in further advantages which require clarification through further research.
SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet provides consistent reductions in all individual nose and eye seasonal symptoms compared to symptomatic medication alone 1 year after treatment; Background: During 1st year of treatment with grass AIT (Grazax, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK-Abelló) it has previously been shown that grass AIT significantly reduced all separate nose and eye symptoms compared to patients treated with symptomatic medication alone. We have now explored effect of the grass AIT on all individual nose and eye symptoms 1 year after completion of a 3 year course of treatment. Methods: The trial was a parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial in which patients were randomised to receive 3 years of either active treatment (n = 157) or placebo (n = 126), followed by 1 year of follow-up to investigate the long-term effects after grass AIT treatment. The rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score was based on 6 rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms (runny nose, blocked nose, sneezing, itchy nose, itchy eyes and watery eyes), that were scored on a daily basis on a scale with the following values: 0 (no symptoms)
Serum-specific IgE/total IgE ratio and clinical response to allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: To date, no predictive tests for the clinical response to allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASI) are available. Therefore, an in vivo or in vitro test would be of great value. Objective: To evaluate pre-treatment parameters used in diagnosing allergic rhinitis, serum specific IgE (s-IgE), serum total IgE (t-IgE) as well as blood eosinophil counts (b-eos), to identify if any predict clinical improvement in mono-sensitized patients with allergic rhinitis with or without asthma treated with immunotherapy. Methods: We analyzed 279 patients who had undergone 4 years of ASI, administered either by subcutaneous (SCIT, 76 patients) or sublingual (SLIT, 203 patients) route. Serum t-IgE and s-IgE, blood eosinophil counts (b-eos), and the serum sIgE/tIgE ratio were calculated and tested for correlation with clinical response to ASI. Receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curves were performed. Predicted probabilities and predictive area under the curve (AUC) were calculated. Results: The clinical response to ASI was effective in 145/279 (52.0%) patients, 42/76 (55.2%) treated with SCIT and 103/203 (50.7%) treated with SLIT. A significant correlation was found between the serum s-IgE/t-IgE ratio and the clinical response to ASI, with high ratios (>16.2) associated with an effective response. The sensitivity and specificity of the AUC of the ratio, were higher than those of serum s-IgE and t-IgE alone. Conclusion: The calculation of the serum s-IgE/t-IgE ratio for predicting clinical response to ASI, offers an advantage over measuring t-IgE and s-IgE in mono-sensitized patients for the following allergens: grass, Parietaria judaica, Olea europea and house dust mite.
With increased grass pollen exposure, treatment with SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet further improves quality of life compared to symptomatic medications alone; Background: We explored the relation between rhinoconjunctivitis disease specific quality of life, treatment with grass allergy immunotherapy tablet (AIT, Grazax, Phleum pratense, 75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, ALK-Abelló) and grass pollen exposure. Methods: The trial was a parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial in which patients were randomised to receive 3 years of either active or placebo, followed by 1 year of follow-up. Disease specific QoL was assessed weekly during the entire grass pollen season by Juniper's Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ). The RQLQ defines QoL based on 7 individual domains assessed on a scale from 0 to 6 (0: “not troubled”, 6: “extremely troubled”). The relationship between RQLQ scores and pollen load is described with a local regression model. Results: The predicted RQLQ as a function of the weekly average pollen counts show a clear separation between the two treatment groups (p < 0.001) in favour of the grass AIT, and the difference increased with increased pollen counts during the entire grass pollen season. RQLQ scores during the entire and peak grass pollen seasons are shown in the table below: Conclusion: SQ-standardised grass allergy immunotherapy tablet provides improved disease specific quality of life compared to symptomatic medications alone, with increased effect as grass pollen exposure increase. Quality of life was improves during all 3 years of treatment and was sustained 1 year after treatment.
Efficacy and safety of Sublingual Specific Immunotherapy in children; Background: Specific Immunotherapy is the only therapy able to influence the natural history of allergic diseases, particularly of asthma. The introduction of Sublingual route (SLIT) has increased the use even in children less than 5 years of age. The aim of our study is to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of SLIT in relation to age and the used allergen in 292 children (205 Male, 87Female
Evaluation of subcutaneous versus mucosal (intranasal) allergen-specific rush immunotherapy in experimental feline asthma; Rush immunotherapy (RIT) is effective for the treatment of experimental feline allergic asthma. In humans, the safety profile of immunotherapy is improved by delivering allergen by a mucosal route. We hypothesized that mucosal (intranasal) RIT would have similar efficacy to subcutaneous RIT with improved safety. Twelve cats sensitized and challenged with Bermuda grass allergen (BGA) were randomized to receive subcutaneous (SC) or intranasal (IN) RIT. Increasing doses of BGA (20-200 μg) were administered over 24 h followed by 200 μg BGA weekly as maintenance. Adverse reactions were recorded. Clinical respiratory scores after BGA aerosol challenge, bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) % eosinophils, and cytokine concentrations were measured before RIT (day 1) and at months 1, 3 and 6 (M1, M3, M6). More adverse events were recorded with SC RIT (n = 12) compared with IN RIT (n = 6). Respiratory scores were lower by M6 compared with D1 in both the groups. The % BALF eosinophils declined significantly after RIT for both groups (mean ± SEM, SC RIT D1 62 ± 12, M6 9 ± 4
Safety and tolerability of seasonal ultra-rush, high-dose sublingual- swallow immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis to grass and tree pollens: An observational study in 193 children and adolescents; Objective: We conducted a large observational study in 193 children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis due to grass or tree pollens to evaluate the safety and tolerability of an ultrarush high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) regimen reaching a maintenance dose of 300 index of reactivity within 90 minutes. Methods: Children and adolescents aged 5 to 17 years with at least a 1-year medical history of allergic rhinitis with or without mild to moderate asthma due to tree pollens (birch, alder, hazel) or grass pollens (cocksfoot, meadow grass, rye grass, sweet vernal grass, timothy) were recruited. Standardized grass and tree pollen allergen extracts were used for ultrarush titration and subsequent coseasonal maintenance. Results: During ultrarush titration, 60 patients (31%) reported 117 predominantly mild and local adverse events, which resolved within 150 minutes. During the maintenance phase, 562 adverse events were reported
Phleum pratense alone is sufficient for allergen-specific immunotherapy against allergy to Pooideae grass pollens; Background Specific immunotherapy is the only causal treatment of allergy available today. Traditionally, therapeutic products based on either a single grass species or a mix of such extracts are used for grass pollen immunotherapy. Investigations comparing the immunological response to these allergen preparations are needed to ensure optimal treatment. The objective of this study was to investigate patterns of T and B cell cross-reactivity to Pooideae single-species extracts and to extract mixes. Methods IgG4 induced by immunotherapy with Phleum pratense extract was investigated for cross-reactivity using nine single-species extracts and four mixes. For the mixes, studies of IgE cross-reactivity were also performed. T cell cross-reactivity was investigated in lines specific to nPhl p 1 or nPhl p 5 allergens, and the amounts of group 1 and 5 allergens in the extracts were quantified by a single radial immunodiffusion. Results The levels of treatment-induced IgG4 detected by all the extracts displayed a clear correlation to that detected by the P. pratense pollen extract. The IgE studies confirmed the cross-reactivity of P. pratense-specific B cells towards the allergens contained in the mixes, and the T cell studies demonstrated cross-reactivity towards group 1 and 5 major allergens in extracts of six temperate grass species. Conclusion Extensive T and B cell cross-reactivity was observed towards the allergens of the Pooideae grasses, and the degree of B cell cross-reactivity was independent of the number of species included in the extract mixes. This implies that treatment with pollen extract of just one Pooideae species will affect the allergic responses caused by any of the temperate grasses in this subfamily. © 2009 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Mechanisms of sublingual immunotherapy; Allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy is now recognized to be an efficacious and well-tolerated treatment for allergic rhinitis. Emerging treatment strategies are also aimed at the primary treatment of allergic asthma, particularly allergy to house dust mites. Knowledge of the exact mechanisms of action of sublingual immunotherapy is at a basic level, although there appear to be similarities to the immunological changes seen in subcutaneous immunotherapy. An improved understanding should allow the development of more effective treatment programs and widen the potential use of this form of immunotherapy. This review discusses the possible mechanism of action of sublingual immunotherapy, including data from animal and clinical studies, while comparing this with the current understanding of subcutaneous immunotherapy.
Evaluation of serum s-IgE/total IgE ratio in predicting clinical response to allergen-specific immunotherapy; Background: To date, no predictive tests for the clinical response to allergen-specific immunotherapy (ASI) are available. Therefore an in vivo or in vitro test would be of great value. Objective: We sought to evaluate pretreatment parameters used in diagnosing allergic rhinitis and determining serum specific IgE (s-IgE) levels, serum total IgE (t-IgE) levels, and blood eosinophil counts and to identify whether can be used to predict clinical improvement in monosensitized patients with allergic rhinitis with or without asthma treated with immunotherapy. Methods: We analyzed 279 patients who had undergone 4 years of ASI administered either by means of the subcutaneous immunotherapy (76 patients) or sublingual immunotherapy (203 patients) routes. Serum t-IgE and s-IgE levels, blood eosinophil counts, and serum s-IgE/t-IgE ratios were calculated and tested for correlation with clinical response to ASI. Receiver operating characteristic curves were determined. Predicted probabilities and predictive areas under the curve were calculated. Results: The clinical response to ASI was effective in 145 (52.0%) of 279 total patients, 42 (55.2%) of 76 patients treated with subcutaneous immunotherapy, and 103 (50.7%) of 203 patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy. A significant correlation was found between the serum s-IgE/t-IgE ratio and the clinical response to ASI, with high ratios (>16.2) associated with an effective response. The sensitivity and specificity of the area under the curve of the ratio were higher than those of serum s-IgE and t-IgE alone. Conclusion: The calculation of the serum s-IgE/t-IgE ratio for predicting the clinical response to ASI offers an advantage over measuring t-IgE and s-IgE levels in monosensitized patients for the following allergens: grass, Parietaria judaica, Olea europea, and house dust mite. © 2009 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
An economic evaluation of grazax for the treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in children; OBJECTIVES: To determine the cost-effectiveness of the grass allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT), Grazax (ALK-Abelló A/S) for the treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in children either with or without co-existing asthma. The analysis compares treatment using Grazax in combination with symptomatic medications, to using symptomatic medications alone in terms of costs and health outcomes. METHODS: The model uses a decision tree structure to evaluate two grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis treatments for a cohort of 1000 hypothetical children. The analysis is performed from the perspective of the payer, including only direct costs in the base case. Treatment is modelled in terms of the management of symptoms, reduction in resource use and averting the development of allergic asthma. The evaluation is UK-based and models both short- and long-term effects. Several data inputs, such as resource use and probabilities, are drawn from the paediatric GT-12 clinical trial and the Preventive Allergy Treatment (PAT) study. Cost data are sourced from established published sources and utility values are derived using GT-12 trial data and a published study. RESULTS: Treatment with Grazax in combination with symptomatic medications compared to treatment with symptomatic medications alone generates a (discounted) incremental cost per QALY gained of 10,007GBP ($14,578, ε11,034), for the base case time horizon of nine years. The QALY gains are a result of increased quality of life related to effective symptom management. The sensitivity analysis carried out around key parameters (e.g. unit costs, medication costs, probabilities, utilities) shows that the results estimated by the model remain robust. CONCLUSIONS: Grazax has been shown to improve patient outcomes, at an increased cost. The resulting incremental cost per QALY falls below commonly accepted willingness to pay thresholds. Therefore, Grazax is a cost-effective option for the treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in the UK paediatric population.
Reducing allergenicity by altering allergen fold: A mosaic protein of Phl p 1 for allergy vaccination; Background: The major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 1, resembles the allergenic epitopes of natural group I grass pollen allergens and is recognized by more than 95% of grass-pollen-allergic patients. Our objective was the construction, purification and immunologic characterization of a genetically modified derivative of the major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 1 for immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy. Methods: A mosaic protein was generated by PCR-based re-assembly and expression of four cDNAs coding for Phl p 1 fragments and compared to the Phl p 1 wild-type by circular dichroism analysis, immunoglobulin E (IgE)-binding capacity, basophil activation assays and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay competition assays. Immune responses to the derivative were studied in BALB/c mice. Results: Grass-pollen-allergic patients exhibited greater than an 85% reduction in IgE reactivity to the mosaic as compared with the Phl p 1 allergen and basophil activation experiments confirmed the reduced allergenic activity of the mosaic. It also induced less Phl p 1-specific IgE antibodies than Phl p 1 upon immunization of mice. However, immunization of mice and rabbits with the mosaic induced IgG antibodies that inhibited patients' IgE-binding to the wild-type allergen and Phl p 1-induced degranulation of basophils. Conclusion: We have developed a strategy based on rational molecular reassembly to convert one of the clinically most relevant allergens into a hypoallergenic derivative for allergy vaccination. © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Efficacy and safety of 5-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in patients with different clinical profiles of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The optimal dose of grass pollen tablets for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis patients was previously established in a multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study in 628 adults. Patients were randomized to receive once-daily 5-grass pollen sublingual tablets of 100 IR (index of reactivity), 300 IR or 500 IR, or placebo starting 4 months before the pollen season. Objective: The aim of this complementary analysis was to determine whether 300 IR 5-grass pollen SLIT-tablets is effective in different subtypes of patients who are allergic to grass pollen. Methods: Different subgroups could be identified regarding comorbidities (with or without asthma during the grass-pollen season), sensitization (mono/polysensitization) and symptom severity. An additional exploratory analysis was performed within four subgroups based on pre-treatment assessment: Group 1=high specific IgE
Implementation of pre-seasonal sublingual immunotherapy with a five-grass pollen tablet during optimal dosage assessment; Background: The optimal dose (300IR) of a five-grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablet in terms of efficacy was previously demonstrated from the first pollen season. Objective: Here, we aim to confirm whether this dose remained optimal during the peak of the pollen season by assessing the efficacy and quality of life data. Methods: A total of 628 subjects with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre, pan-European trial. Subjects received once-daily tablets (Stallergenes, Antony, France) of 100IR, 300IR, 500IR or placebo, starting 4 months before and throughout the 2005 grass pollen season. The pollen season was defined as the first day of 3 consecutive days with a grass pollen count above 30 grains/m3 of air, recorded using Hirst-type volumetric pollen traps, to the last day before 3 consecutive days with a pollen count below 30 grains/m3. Results: The grass pollen season lasted an average of 30 days, with a peak of 12 days. The mean treatment duration before the grass pollen season was similar in the four treatment groups (121.4±31.1 to 128.6±15.4 days in the safety population). Both the 300IR and 500IR groups had highly significant improvements in Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS) vs. placebo at the peak pollen season (P=0.0005 and 0.0014, respectively), which agreed with improvements in RTSS in the primary evaluations. The average RTSS scores were slightly elevated during the peak pollen season in all treatment groups. The overall Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire score confirmed the optimal dosage 300IR at peak (P<0.0001) and at the end (P≤0.0031) of the pollen season. All doses were well tolerated. Conclusion: At the peak pollen season, the efficacy and quality of life data for both 300IR and 500IR groups was significantly improved vs. the placebo group. These results confirm the conclusions of the primary evaluations and validate the use of 300IR tablets for clinical practice. © 2008 Stallergenes.
Efficacy and safety of high-doses sublingual immunotherapy in ultra-rush scheme in children allergic to grass pollen; Background: Although sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been used with increasing frequency, the data on the efficacy of SLIT in pediatric asthma are limited. Aim The aim of our study was to evaluate the efficacy and the safety of high-dose SLIT given pre-seasonally and co-seasonally in an ultra-rush scheme in children with bronchial asthma allergic to grass pollen. Methods: Fifty children with asthma, aged 6-17, sensitive to grass pollen, participated in the 2-year prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, to investigate the efficacy and safety of SLIT (Staloral 300 IR, Stallergenes SA, 25 μg major allergens) as a standardized extract of five grass pollen with ultra-rush induction. Results: SLIT significantly improved asthma symptom scores (41% vs. placebo group), reduced nasal symptoms (25% vs. placebo group) and the use of rescue medications (10% vs. placebo group), improved forced expiratory volume in 1 s, but had no effect on ocular symptoms, nasal hyper-reactivity, peak expiratory flow and forced expiratory volume between 25% and 75% of vital capacity. Serum levels of immunoglobulin E and IgG4 did not change after SLIT. After the second season of SLIT, an improvement in bronchial hyperresponsiveness was observed
Clinical utility of sublingual immunotherapy in pediatric patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma; Although sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a common adjuvant treatment for allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma in Europe, it is used minimally in the United States because of lack of approval by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of allergen extracts for sublingual treatment and inconsistent study findings on extract potency, dosing levels, and dosing schedules. Data are particularly lacking on use of SLIT in pediatric patients, who may represent a potential patient population for this type of immunotherapy delivery because of its favorable safety and acceptability to children compared to subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT). Differences in the mechanism of action of SLIT compared to SCIT may also confer some treatment and safety advantages. Clinical trials on SLIT in pediatric patients have provided inconsistent results, but this inconsistency may be due in part to less than optimum dosing and durations of treatment. The appeal of SLIT as a treatment in children is further enhanced by its potential for possibly preventing progression to asthma if initiated at a young age. This article reviews the clinical evidence on studies in pediatric populations regarding efficacy and safety, and its implications in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma in children. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Combination of omalizumab and specific immunotherapy is superior to immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and co-morbid seasonal allergic asthma; Background: The treatment of allergic asthma by specific immunotherapy (SIT) is hampered by potential side-effects. Objective: The aim of this study was to study the effect of omalizumab, a monoclonal anti-IgE antibody, in combination with SIT in patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR) and co-morbid seasonal allergic asthma (SAA) incompletely controlled by conventional pharmacotherapy. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre trial was performed to assess the efficacy and safety of omalizumab (Xolair®) vs. placebo in combination with depigmented SIT (Depigoid®) during the grass pollen season. Omalizumab or placebo was started 2 weeks before SIT
Evaluation of a compliance device in a subgroup of adult patients receiving specific immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets (GRAZAX®) in a randomized, open-label, controlled study: An a priori subgroup analysis; Objectives: This a priori subgroup analysis was conducted to assess patients' experience with a compliance device for the administration of sublingual specific immunotherapy for grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: The present paper reports the results of a subgroup analysis of a multicenter, randomized, controlled, open-label European study in which adults with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis received once-daily treatment with grass allergen tablets with or without a device to aid compliance. Treatment was given ~6 to 12 weeks before the grass pollen season, during the season (~8-10 weeks), and for up to 2 weeks after the end of the season. In the subgroup analysis, patients from Germany and the Netherlands who had been randomized to receive the compliance device were asked to complete a brief questionnaire at the final study visit. The questionnaire included 6 items concerning patients' use of the device and whether it helped them remember to take their tablets. Results: Of the 91 patients from Germany and the Netherlands who were randomized to use the compliance device along with grass allergen tablets, 71 returned the questionnaire. Among responders, 58 of 71 (82%) reported using the device sometimes or always, 50 of 63 (79%) found the device easy to use, 32 of 69 (46%) found that the device made it easier to remember to take tablets, and 43 of 71 (61%) indicated that they would consider using the device again. Conclusion: Most patients in this subgroup analysis used the compliance device as a medication reminder and rated it easy to use. © 2009 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of effectiveness of different immunotherapy treatment methods of patients with pollinosis and food cross-reactivity by studying immunological results; RATIONALE: To compare effectiveness of different immunotherapy methods in treating patients with pollinosis and food cross-reactivity, studying immunological results. The dynamics of evolution of specific IgE, secretory IgA, IL-4, INF-γ is given to prove the clinical effectiveness of combined (subcutaneous SIT + SLIT) immunotherapy method. METHODS: Study of 120 patients with pollinosis with food cross-reactivity (1 year). Patients divided into 3 comparable groups (1 - treated by subcutaneous SIT of grass-pollen allergens
Agreement of efficacy assessments for five grass pollen Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets in children and adolescents with grass pollen Rhinoconjunctivitis and with or without mild asthma; RATIONALE: The efficacy and safety of five-grass pollen 300 IR SLITtablets in the treatment of rhinoconjunctivitis in children have been recently demonstrated. Secondary analyses on the trial's intention-to-treat (ITT) population (n = 266) were performed concerning the average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) and the six Average Individual Symptom Scores (AISSs) and according to age class (5 to 11 and 12 to 17) and asthma status. METHODS: Children were included in a Phase III, randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial and were treated 4 months prior to and throughout the pollen season. Each symptom was evaluated daily by the patients (with parental assistance, for the youngest) on a four-point scale from 0 (absent) to 3 (severe). Initial asthma status was recorded during a screening interview and physical examination. RESULTS: The difference between the 300 IR and placebo tablets was significant for rhinorrhea (p=0.038), nasal congestion (p=0.012), ocular pruritus (p < 0.0001) and watery eyes (p=0.0008). for sneezing and nasal pruritus, improvements but non-significant were noted. In both the active and placebo groups, the ARTSS and the six AISSs were similar for patients with asthma (n = 28 and n = 29, respectively) and without asthma (n = 103 and n = 106, respectively). In both age classes, the ARTSS was lower in the 300 IR group (2.94 and 3.77, respectively) than in the placebo group (4.08 and 4.98, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: These secondary analyses confirm that the 300 IR dose of SLIT pollen tablet is effective in the treatment of grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in children, independently of age class and asthma status.
Sublingual immunotherapy with a once-daily 5-grass pollen tablet: Efficacy assessment in an Allergen Challenge Chamber (ACC); RATIONALE: The efficacy and safety of seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) treatments are evaluated in trials performed during the pollen season. These studies are influenced by unpredictable variations in pollen levels/ exposure from one year to another, one center to another and one patient to another. The ACC has been developed as a pharmacodynamic tool for assessing AR symptoms and treatment effects in a controlled environment. METHODS: Patients with grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized to receive 300IR SLIT tablets or placebo and were challenged in the ACC at different times. for each challenge, all patients were exposed to the same pollen air concentration for 4 hours. Rescue medication was prohibited. The primary efficacy analysis was the comparison of treatment groups on the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) using an ANCOVA with treatment as main effect and baseline as covariate, after 4 months of treatment (or at endpoint) for ITT population. RESULTS: 89 patients were included in the ITT population (PP population: 83). The difference of adjusted means [95%CI] between groups was -1.97 [-2.99
Significant improvements in quality of life following mpladjuvanted ultra short course Subcutaneous Immunotherapy (uSCIT) in patients with seasonal grass pollen allergy; RATIONALE: The effect of uSCIT with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL) adjuvant on the quality of life of patients with seasonal grass pollen-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen was investigated. METHODS: This multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled study included 874 patients from North America. Grass pollen allergy was confirmed by questionnaire, skin prick test and serum-specific IgE. Patients received a pre-seasonal, 4-injection course of uSCIT (Pollinex Quattro®
Effect of single-grass-allergen immunotherapy-tablet treatment on the time to first symptom and time to first use of rescue medication in children with allergic rhinitis; RATIONALE: The efficacy of single-grass-allergen immunotherapy-tablet (AIT) treatment to prolong time to first symptom and rescue medication was examined in children with allergic rhinitis. METHODS: Post-hoc analysis of data from 252 children (5-16 years) enrolled in a placebo-controlled trial examining efficacy of grass AIT (75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, Phleum pratense, ALK-Abelló). Daily treatment was initiated 8-23 weeks before grass pollen season and continued throughout the season. Time to event was assessed using Kaplan-Meier methodology. Studied response variables included time to first use of step 1 [loratadine]
The efficacy of single-grass-allergen-immunotherapy-tablet treatment in mono- and multi-sensitized allergic rhinitis patients: Findings from a post hoc analysis; RATIONALE: The benefits of treating multi-sensitized allergic rhinitis (AR) patients with a single allergen immunotherapy tablet (AIT) have not been fully elucidated. We studied the effect of treating mono- and multi-sensitized AR patients, in whom symptoms were largely confined to the grass pollen season, with grass AIT. METHODS: Post-hoc analysis of data from 568 patients who participated in yr 1 of a 3-yr placebo-controlled trial evaluating the efficacy of grass AIT (75,000 SQ-T/2,800 BAU, Phleum-pratense, ALK-Abelló). Daily treatment started 16 weeks prior to grass-pollen season and continued throughout the season. Responses were analysed in patients sensitized to: a) grass only (mono-sensitized)
Evaluation of a five grass-pollen Sublingual Immunotherapy Tablets (SLIT) in a pediatric population at peak pollen season and immunological outcomes; RATIONALE: The efficacy and safety of grass-pollen SLIT tablets in children (aged 5 to 17) have been established using the Average Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (ARTSS) as a primary endpoint, in a single-season, double-blind, placebo controlled Phase III study. Secondary and exploratory analyses, such as the ARTSS improvement at the pollen peak and levels of immunological markers are presented. METHODS: 278 children, with grass-pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized to receive daily either a 300 IR SLIT tablets or placebo starting 4 months before the pollen season and throughout the latter. The peak pollen period was defined as the 10-14 consecutive days with the highest mean pollen counts. Immunological markers and skin prick tests (SPTs) were evaluated before and after treatment RESULTS: Between groups, there was a highly significant (p = 0.0009) ARTSS difference. At the pollen peak, the improvement versus placebo was 28% (mean) and 43% (median). The geometric mean IgG4 level (μg/ L) more than tripled from baseline to endpoint for children receiving 300IR (ratio 3.37) but did not change in the placebo group (ratio 1.41). In contrast, the geometric mean IgE level (kU/L) was similar at baseline and endpoint for 300IR (ratio 1.35), but slightly higher post-treatment for placebo (ratio1.64). Concerning the SPTs, patients on 300IR had a larger mean decrease in wheal diameter (-1.73 mm) than those on placebo (-0.77 mm). CONCLUSIONS: As for the entire pollen season, the efficacy of 300 IR SLIT grass pollen tablets was confirmed for the pollen peak. In children receiving SLIT, specific IgG4 levels clearly increased while specific IgE levels remained stable.
Study of sublingual immunotherapy in subjects with dermatophagoides farniae and timothy grass allergy; RATIONALE: We are currently investigating the safety of concurrent Dermatophagoides farinae (DF) and Timothy Grass (TG) sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in patients ages 5-55. T cell phenotyping and plasma cytokine profiles will be analyzed to investigate the development of tolerance in treated subjects, reducing the severity of allergic rhinitis (AR) and allergic conjunctivitis (AC) symptoms. METHODS: This is a double-blind 2:1 randomized placebo-controlled study in thirty subjects with multiple allergies including at least DF and TG affected with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without atopic asthma. Initial enrollment began with 5 subjects dosed prior to spring grass pollen season. Paired plasma samples from these initial patients were analyzed at start of therapy compared 2 months after dosing using Luminex 35 plex studies and ELISA. RESULTS: Phenotyping of T cell subsets and levels of plasma markers demonstrated an increase in tolerogenic markers including IL-10 (5.3 fold), and TGB beta (9.5 fold), and XCL1(3:1fold) in 3 of 5 subjects, after 2 months of dosing. In contrast, decreases were seen in IL-4, IL-13 and IL-9, inflammatory cytokines, by at least 4 fold. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first double allergen SLIT trial in children, to study specific T cell down regulation to allergens as well as non specific tolerance markers. The response to immunotherapy with SLIT may induce regulatory T cell up regulation with decreases of the IgE response to DF and TG. We will determine if subjects have a 30% improvement in their symptom scores for AR/AC since receiving SLIT especially during the grass pollen seasons over the next two years.
IgE-blocking antibodies may account for a large proportion of the observed treatment effect induced by Specific Immunotherapy (SIT); RATIONALE: Allergic sensitization is dependent on Th2 cytokines, which drive IgE production. Specific Immunotherapy (SIT) alters cytokine production and induces allergen-specific non-IgE antibodies. These “blocking” antibodies strongly influence IgE-mediated allergen-specific mast cell and basophil activation and Th2-cell activation via IgE-facilitated allergen presentation (FAP). To address whether such antibody measurements can be used as surrogate endpoints, we assessed the proportion of the clinical effect of SIT attributable to changes in allergen-specific non- IgE antibodies. METHODS: Serum samples were obtained from 162 grass-allergic participants in a one-year double-blind, placebo-controlled SIT study (Alutard SQ grass, 100,000 SQ-U or placebo). IgE-blocking and FAP were measured before and during treatment (after the grass season). The proportion of clinical treatment effect explained by changes in FAP and blocking antibodies was assessed by comparing the treatment estimates from ANOVA statistics with and without adjusting for FAP or IgE-blocking values. RESULTS: The estimated treatment effect on combined symptom and medication score over peak season was -4.45 (95% CI [-6.84
Changes in intradermal testing in patients receiving multiple allergen immunotherapy; RATIONALE: To determine if patients receiving allergen immunotherapy (IT), significantly change skin test reactivity in time. METHODS: Pre-medical students conducted a supervised retrospective chart review of 346 patients (106 males, 240 females), who received immunotherapy in the last 5 years with Northeastern pollens and perennial inhalants for variable lengths of treatment time for allergic rhinitis-333, asthma-144, allergic conjunctivitis-38 and chronic sinusitis-20. Patients 18 to 84 years old (mean age at treatment of 41.8 with SD of 12.7 and median age of 42 years) had at least one IT treatment within the last 5 years. Intradermal skin tests using wheal diameter in mm, taken at 3 cross sectional observational intervals:<36 months, 36-60 months and >60 months and compared with pre IT results. Not all patients were tested during each interval. IT treatment varied between 1-12 allergens (most received >3 allergens). Statistics done with Wilcoxon signed-rank test were P < 0.5 was significant. RESULTS: Significant reduction of wheal diameter occurred for all 3 time intervals for IT with english plantain (P < .0106, P < .0001, P < .0006) 3-weed: cocklebur, lambs quarter, pigweed (P < .0512, P < .0270, P < .0023) dock sorrel (P < .0014, P < .0178, P < .0002) and dog dander (P < .0311, P < .007, P < .0428), for 2 time intervals for grass (P < .1172, P < .0002, P < .0001), ragweed (P < .4486, P < .0441, P < .0001), dust mites (P < .1852, P < .0004, P < .0291) and cat dander (P < .1581, P < .0250, P < .0012). No reduction was observed for patients receiving mixtures of tree (P < .2824, P < .9120, P < .1043) mold mix 1 (P < .5576, P < .1500, P <.4602) or mold mix 2 (P <.6440, P <.2235, P <.6042) Cockroach had too few data points. CONCLUSIONS: Immunotherapy injections with poly-aeroallergens have an optimal effect on decreasing wheal diameter for only certain aeroallergens.
Significant reduction in combined symptom and medication score compared with placebo following MPL-adjuvanted uSCIT in patients with seasonal grass pollen allergy; RATIONALE: The efficacy and tolerability of ultra short course subcutaneous immunotherapy (uSCIT) adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL), a Toll-like Receptor (TLR) 4 agonist, in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR) to grass pollen was assessed. METHODS: This multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled study included 1028 grass pollen-allergic subjects. Subjects received a pre-seasonal, 4-injection course of uSCIT containing a 13 grass pollen allergoid (300, 800, 2000, and 2000 SU) plus 50 mg MPL per injection in an L-tyrosine depot (Pollinex Quattro®) at approximately weekly intervals. Efficacy was assessed by combined symptom and medication score (CSMS) using patient diaries completed throughout the grass pollen season. Local and systemic reactions were recorded during the 24 hours following each injection. RESULTS: There was a 13.4% improvement (p = 0.0038) in CSMS in patients who received uSCIT (n = 514) compared with placebo (n = 513) over the four peak pollen weeks. In those subjects who had no missing data during the peak pollen period, the improvement in CSMS was 26.9% for uSCIT compared with placebo (p = 0.0031). Adverse events (AEs) were predominantly local and discontinuations due to AEs were infrequent (1.4% for uSCIT, 0.8% for placebo), with no treatment-related anaphylaxis. Following each injection, >60% of treated patients experienced no AEs. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-seasonal uSCIT was highly effective and well tolerated, with a clinically significant reduction in SAR symptoms. Adverse events were predominantly local and mild to moderate in nature, indicating a favourable tolerability profile. This is the first large Phase III study of specific allergen immunotherapy for SAR to meet its primary efficacy endpoint.
Agreement of efficacy assessments for five-grass pollen sublingual tablet immunotherapy; Background: The optimal dose of five-grass pollen sublingual tablet immunotherapy (SLIT) was established recently by the primary criteria Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score (RTSS) from the first treatment season. Secondary and exploratory criteria, such as RTSS at peak pollen season, exploratory combined symptom and rescue medication use score, quality of life and immunological markers are calculated and described in this analysis. Methods: Six hundred and twenty-eight patients with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis (≥2 years duration) were randomized in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted in Europe. Patients received once-daily SLIT (Stallergenes, Antony, France) of 100IR, 300IR, 500IR or placebo, starting 4 months before grass pollen season and throughout the 2005 season. Patients were instructed to take rescue medication only if symptoms were severe and record symptom severity on using the RTSS. Results: Both 300IR and 500IR doses significantly reduced mean RTSS at pollen peak (P = 0.0005 and P = 0.0014, respectively) and the exploratory combined score (P = 0.0001 and P = 0.0026, respectively) compared with placebo. Compared with patients in the placebo group, those who were taking the 300IR and 500IR doses reported significantly improved quality of life using the mean Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire scores during the peak of the pollen season (P < 0.0001) and at the end of the pollen season (P = 0.0031 and P ≤ 0.0001, respectively). Specific immunoglobulin G4 increased significantly depending on the SLIT dose (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: All secondary efficacy criteria, including efficacy at pollen peak, combined score, quality of life and immunological changes, indicate that 300IR tablets represent the optimal dose and suggest it is appropriate for use in clinical practice. © 2008 The Authors.
Safety and efficacy in children of an SQ-standardized grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Immunotherapy with the SQ-standardized grass tablet Grazax is efficacious and well-tolerated in adult patients with rhinoconjunctivitis. Allergic asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis are closely linked, and a strategy combining treatment of the upper and lower airways is recommended. Objective: To investigate the efficacy of treatment with the grass tablet on grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma as well as the immunologic response and the safety profile in children. Methods: A total of 253 children age 5 to 16 years, with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis with/without asthma, were randomized 1:1 to active treatment or placebo. Treatment was initiated 8 to 23 weeks before the start of the grass pollen season 2007 and continued throughout the entire season. Symptomatic medication was provided as relief medication to both groups in a stepwise fashion. Primary endpoints were rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores. Results: The rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores and the asthma symptom score were all statistically significantly different between the 2 treatment groups. The differences in medians relative to placebo were 24%, 34%, and 64% in favor of active treatment. The immunologic response was similar to that observed in adults. The most common adverse reaction was oral pruritus, reported by 40 subjects (32%) in the active and 3 (2%) in the placebo group. Six subjects withdrew because of adverse events. No serious adverse events were assessed as treatment-related. Conclusion: Immunotherapy with the grass tablet reduced grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma symptoms in a pediatric population and introduced an immunomodulatory response, consistent with treatment of the underlying allergic disease. The treatment was well tolerated. © 2009 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Compatibility of imported fire ant whole body extract with cat, ragweed, dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, and timothy grass allergens; Background: Recommendations regarding the administration of imported fire ant whole body extract (IFA WBE) combined with aeroallergens or environmental allergens in a single immunotherapy injection are lacking. Objective: To evaluate the degradative effect of IFA WBE on cat, ragweed, Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, and timothy grass allergens. Methods: Imported fire ant whole body extract was combined with extracts of cat, ragweed, D pteronyssinus, and timothy grass. Sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) was performed on each sample after storage for 0, 1, 3, and 6 months at 4°C. In addition, cat and ragweed combinations were evaluated by radial immunodiffusion (RID)
Long-term comparison of sublingual immunotherapy vs inhaled budesonide in patients with mild persistent asthma due to grass pollen; Background: Few studies have compared the effects of immunotherapy and inhaled steroids. The main limitation of such studies is the long duration required to fully appreciate the effects of immunotherapy. Objective: To compare the effects of inhaled budesonide and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in mild persistent asthma for up to 5 years. Methods: Patients with mild persistent asthma and rhinitis due to grass pollen were enrolled in an open randomized controlled trial. After a run-in season, they were randomized to either budesonide, 800 μg/d, in the pollen season or continuous grass SLIT for 5 years. All patients received rescue medications. Symptoms were evaluated by diary cards filled out from May to July at baseline and after 3 and 5 years. In-season nasal eosinophils and bronchial hyperresponsiveness were also assessed. Results: Fifty-one patients were enrolled and 46 completed the study. The bronchial symptom scores and the use of bronchodilators decreased significantly in both groups, but the improvement was greater in the SLIT patients at 3 and 5 years. The nasal symptom score and the intake of nasal steroids decreased only in the SLIT group, and the difference vs the budesonide group was always significant. In the SLIT group vs the budesonide group, a statistically significant decrease of nasal eosinophils was found at 3 and 5 years (P < .01). The bronchial hyperresponsiveness improved significantly only in the SLIT group. Conclusion: In patients with grass pollen-induced asthma, in the long term SLIT was equally effective as inhaled budesonide in treating bronchial symptoms and provided an additional benefit in treating rhinitis symptoms and bronchial hyperresponsiveness.
Safety of sublingual immunotherapy started during the pollen season; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is safer than subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and this has lead to the reconsideration of the use of ultra-rush schedules for SLIT. The aim of this study was to assess the safety of ultrarush SLIT in pollen-allergic children according to different timing of administration in relation to the pollen season. Methods: In total, 34 children with pollen-induced rhinitis and 36 with pollen-induced asthma and rhinitis, were enrolled and assigned to three study groups: group 1 (n=17 patients): conventional pre-seasonal-SLIT treatment
Emerging concepts of sublingual immunotherapy for allergy; Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only disease-modifying modality in the treatment of allergy. However, in spite of its validation by abundant experimental data and decades of clinical experience, subcutaneous immunotherapy has not become the mainstay treatment for allergy. The current concepts and methods of immunotherapy are examined with emphasis on the advantageous features of sublingual immunotherapy: cellular and molecular mechanisms are reviewed and the physiology of antigen presentation is discussed
Efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The efficacy and safety of the 300-index of reactivity (IR) dose of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) tablets (Stallergènes, Antony, France) have been demonstrated for the treatment of hay fever in adults. Objective: We sought to assess the efficacy and safety of this tablet in children and adolescents with grass pollen-related allergic rhinitis. Methods: In this multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 278 children (5-17 years of age) with grass pollen-related rhinoconjunctivitis (confirmed by means of a positive grass pollen skin prick test response and serum-specific IgE measurement) received once-daily SLIT tablets or placebo. Treatment was initiated 4 months before the estimated pollen season and continued throughout the season. The primary outcome was the rhinoconjunctivitis total symptom score (RTSS), a sum of 6 individual symptom scores: sneezing, runny nose, itchy nose, nasal congestion, watery eyes, and itchy eyes. Secondary end points included rescue medication intake, individual scores, and safety. Results: The intent-to-treat population included 266 children (mean age, 10.9 ± 3.22 years). The RTSS for the 300-IR group was highly significantly different from that of the placebo group (P = .001). The 300-IR group showed a mean improvement for the RTSS of 28.0% over that seen with placebo and a median improvement of 39.3%. Significant differences between the 300-IR and placebo groups were also observed regarding rescue medication score and proportion of days using rescue medication during the pollen season (P = .0064 and P = .0146, respectively). Adverse events were generally mild or moderate in intensity and expected. No serious side effects were reported. Conclusion: Five-grass-pollen SLIT tablets (300 IR) reduce both symptom scores and rescue medication use in children and adolescents with grass pollen-related rhinoconjunctivitis. © 2009 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial of sublingual immunotherapy in children with house dust mite allergy in primary care: Study design and recruitment; Background. For respiratory allergic disorders in children, sublingual immunotherapy has been developed as an alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy. Sublingual immunotherapy is more convenient, has a good safety profile and might be an attractive option for use in primary care. A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study was designed to establish the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy with house dust mite allergen compared to placebo treatment in 6 to18-year-old children with allergic rhinitis and a proven house dust mite allergy in primary care. Described here are the methodology, recruitment phases, and main characteristics of the recruited children. Methods. Recruitment took place in September to December of 2005 and 2006. General practitioners (in south-west Netherlands) selected children who had ever been diagnosed with allergic rhinitis. Children and parents could respond to a postal invitation. Children who responded positively were screened by telephone using a nasal symptom score. After this screening, an inclusion visit took place during which a blood sample was taken for the RAST test. Results. A total of 226 general practitioners invited almost 6000 children: of these, 51% was male and 40% <12 years of age. The target sample size was 256 children
Cost-effectiveness of specific immunotherapy with Grazax in allergic rhinitis co-existing with asthma; Background: In the United Kingdom, approximately 10.8 million people suffer from asthma, placing an economic burden on the society of more than £2 billion per year. For allergic asthma, treatment options consist of allergen avoidance, symptomatic treatment and allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT). Only SIT addresses the underlying cause of the disease, reducing symptoms and offering the potential for long-term improvement. Grazax - the first tablet-based SIT - is indicated for the treatment of patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis, including those with co-existing asthma. Objective: To assess the cost-effectiveness of Grazax in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis and co-existing asthma. Methods: A prospective pharmacoeconomic analysis was carried out as part of a multinational clinical trial assessing the efficacy of Grazax (n = 79) compared with placebo (n = 72). Both groups had access to symptomatic medication
Sublingual immunotherapy: What have we learnt from the 'big trials'?; Purpose of review: Recent systematic reviews support the use of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adults, whereas data in children have been less convincing. The present review evaluates three recent 'definitive' trials in adults and one in children. Recent findings: Two large independent randomized controlled trials of grass allergen tablets have confirmed the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in adults with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Effects were both allergen dose-dependent and time-dependent. Tablets were well tolerated and equally effective in monosensitized compared with polysensitized patients and in patients with peak seasonal asthma (patients with perennial asthma were specifically excluded). Local side effects were common but largely self-limiting and not bothersome. There were no serious treatment-related adverse events. Results were similar in magnitude to those observed in a comparable study of subcutaneous immunotherapy using an alum-based vaccine. A trial of sublingual drops in children with hayfever in a primary care setting was negative, although these results could not be generalized. Summary: Sublingual immunotherapy represents an effective and well tolerated treatment for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis in adults. Current ongoing paediatric trials and evaluation of long-term effects in adults will further define its role in therapy. © 2008 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Economic studies of immunotherapy: A review; Purpose of review: To analyse and discuss the growing body of evidence on the economic advantages offered by immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis and asthma, in the various perspectives (society, national healthcare system, patients, etc) and according to the various types of standardized economic evaluations. Recent findings: This review shows that the economic studies of allergic rhinitis and asthma focus on three main research areas: studies aimed at determining the cost of illness and studies focused either on a simple cost comparison amongst available therapeutic alternatives, or directly comparing alternatives using full economic evaluations (cost-effectiveness, cost-utility measures, etc). Summary: Studies exploring the full cost of allergic rhinitis and asthma are still lacking
Tolerization of a type I allergic immune response through transplantation of genetically modified hematopoietic stem cells; Allergy· represents a hypersensitivity disease that affects > 25% of the population in industrialized countries. The underlying type I allergic immune reaction occurs in predisposed atopic individuals in response to otherwise harmless Ags (i.e., allergens) and is characterized by the production of allergen-specific IgE, an allergen-specific T cell response, and the release of biologically active mediators such as histamine from mast cells and basophils. Regimens permanently tolerizing an allergic immune response still need to be developed. We therefore retrovirally transduced murine hematopoietic stem cells to express the major grass pollen allergen Phl p 5 on their cell membrane. Transplantation of these genetically modified hematopoietic stem cells led to durable multilineage molecular chimerism and permanent immunological tolerance toward the introduced allergen at the B cell, T cell, and effector cell levels. Notably, Phl p 5-specific serum IgE and IgG remained undetectable, and T cell nonresponsiveness persisted throughout follow-up (40 wk). Besides, mediator release was specifically absent in in vitro and in vivo assays. B cell, T cell, and effector cell responses to an unrelated control allergen (Bet v 1) were unperturbed, demonstrating specificity of this tolerance protocol. We thus describe a novel cell-based strategy for the prevention of allergy. Copyright © 2008 by The American Association of Immunologists, Inc.
Long-term allergen-specific immunotherapy correlates with long-term allergen-specific immunological tolerance; Introduction: One method of treatment for allergic diseases is allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT). The clinical efficacy of SIT in pollen-induced allergic rhinitis has been demonstrated in several controlled clinical trials. There is no consensus about the protective effect of SIT. In this study, we evaluated the correlation between the duration of SIT and relapse of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: We evaluated 148 patients who had received SIT between 1998 and 2006. All of the patients had allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. According to the data 116 had sensitivity to grass pollen and 32 to house dust. SIT was performed on 87 patients for 4 y (Group A) and 61 patients for 6 y (Group B). Results: All of the 148 patients were monitored regularly with no medication for 2 y after SIT. Thirty-one patients in Group A relapsed (36%)
Molecular cloning, expression and immunological characterisation of Pas n 1, the major allergen of Bahia grass Paspalum notatum pollen; Bahia grass, Paspalum notatum, is a clinically important subtropical grass with a prolonged pollination season from spring to autumn. We aimed to clone and characterise the major Bahia grass pollen allergen, Pas n 1. Grass pollen-allergic patients presenting to a tertiary hospital allergy clinic were tested for IgE reactivity with Bahia grass pollen extract by skin prick testing, ImmunoCAP, ELISA and immunoblotting. Using primers deduced from the N-terminal peptide sequence of a group 1 allergen of Bahia grass pollen extract separated by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis, the complete Pas n 1 cDNA was obtained by rapid amplification of cDNA ends and cloned. Biological relevance of recombinant Pas n 1 expressed in Escherichia coli was assessed by serum IgE reactivity and basophil activation. Twenty-nine of 34 (85%) consecutive patients presenting with grass pollen allergy were skin prick test positive to Bahia grass pollen. The Pas n 1 cDNA has sequence homology with the β-expansin 1 glycoprotein family and is more closely related to the maize pollen group 1 allergen (85% identity) than to ryegrass Lol p 1 or Timothy grass Phl p 1 (64 and 66% identity, respectively). rPas n 1 reacted with serum IgE in 47 of 55 (85%) Bahia grass pollen-allergic patients, activated basophils and inhibited serum IgE reactivity with the 29 kDa band of Bahia grass pollen extract. In conclusion the cDNA for the major group 1 allergen of the subtropical Bahia grass pollen, Pas n 1, was identified and cloned. rPas n 1 is immunologically active and is a valuable reagent for diagnosis and specific immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Control and regulation of peripheral tolerance in allergic inflammatory disease: Therapeutic consequences; During the past few years there has been significant progress in understanding the mechanisms by which abnormal T-cell responses are generated in allergic diseases. Peripheral T-cell tolerance to environmental antigens is crucial for a healthy immune response and avoidance of allergy. The balance between T-helper (Th)2 cells and T-regulatory (Treg) cells has a critical role in the generation of immune responses to environmental antigens. Allergic individuals display an aberrant activation and expansion of Th2 cells. It appears that aberrant activation of Th2 cells in allergy is secondary to impaired mechanisms of peripheral T-cell tolerance that is normally mediated by antigen-specific T-cell anergy, Treg cells and suppressive cytokines, IL-10 and TGF-β. Therefore, a most appealing therapy for allergic diseases would be an allergen-specific immunotherapy that reduces Th2 cytokine production and promotes induction of anergy, Treg and suppressor cytokines. Such novel therapeutic approaches include the use of recombinant allergen-derived peptides, recombinant DNA technology and adjuvants. These approaches are employed individually or in combination in order to induce T-cell anergy and to utilize innate immunity in order to alter the balance of Th1- and Th2-type cytokines and generate or expand Treg in vivo. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Specific IgE serum concentration is associated with symptom severity in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: The impact of allergen-specific and total IgE serum levels before and during the pollen season on symptom severity as well as efficacy of treatment with anti-IgE requires further delineation. Methods: Birch and grass pollen allergic patients aged 6-17 years with seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) were analyzed for the association of IgE serum concentration with symptom severity and rescue medication use (combination: symptom load, SL) during the grass pollen season. Reference group A (n = 53) received placebo, while group B (n = 54) received Omalizumab (anti-IgE) monotherapy before and during the grass pollen season. Results: Patients on placebo with high baseline specific grass pollen IgE (>50 kU/l) had a significantly higher SL compared with those with low IgE levels (≤50 kU/l): SL 1.28 vs 0.61, P = 0.015. This association was nonexistent in patients treated with anti-IgE. In contrast, baseline total IgE levels did not correlate with SL in any group. Patients with anti-IgE treatment and high free total IgE levels (>16.7 ng/ml) had a significantly higher SL compared with those with low free total IgE levels (≤16.7 ng/ml): SL 0.63 vs 0.23, P = 0.031. Conclusions: Baseline specific IgE, but not total IgE, is associated with symptom severity during the pollen season in children with SAR. Likewise, the symptom load in SAR patients with anti-IgE correlates with free total IgE levels. Although further research in larger populations is needed to confirm our findings, our data suggest that specific IgE can be used as a parameter for patient selection for this kind of treatment. © 2008 The Authors.
Sublingual immunotherapy in youngsters: Adherence in a randomized clinical trial; Background: Adherence is essential for effective treatment. Although several trials on the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in youngsters have been published, few contain data on medication intake. Objective: We aimed to quantify adherence both to study protocol and medication intake as well as to identify factors that may influence adherence to SLIT in youngsters with rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: Two hundred and four youngsters (6-18 years) with hayfever participated in a randomized controlled trial and used grass pollen extract or placebo for 2 years. The primary outcome of the trial was the mean daily total rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score in the second grass pollen season. Participants having completed the follow-up were considered adherent to the study protocol. Adherence to medication intake was assessed by weighing the study medication. Participants who completed the follow-up and used ≥80% of the prescribed medication were considered adherent to medication intake. Patient-, disease- and treatment-related factors were analysed. Results: One hundred and fifty-four youngsters completed the study. The main reason for discontinuation was the inability to take medication according to schedule. Drop-outs were older, had more difficulty following the medication instructions and their overall evaluation of the treatment effect was lower. The number and reasons for drop-out did not differ between treatment groups. In total, 77% of the participants was adherent to medication intake. Self-reported adherence was 99%. Non-adherent participants experienced more severe symptoms before the trial. Symptom scores did not differ between adherent and non-adherent participants. In adherent as well as non-adherent participants, no difference was found between verum and placebo group with respect to symptom scores. Conclusion: Adherence to both study protocol and medication intake was good. Drop-out was affected by age, evaluation of the treatment effect and medication instructions. Non-adherence to medication intake was influenced by the severity of the disease before the trial. The ineffectiveness of SLIT could not be explained by non-adherence. © 2008 The Authors.
The predictive value of IgE as biomarker in asthma; Background. The evidence for a causal relationship between allergens and asthma depends on epidemiologic findings showing a strong association between specific immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibodies or total IgE and asthma. Objective. To clarify the relationship between total serum IgE levels and asthma. Study design. A cross-sectional study. Patients and methods. A total of 562 asthmatic patients were included in the study, and their age range was from 17 to 52 years. The subjects included in the study were outpatients from the Asthma and Allergy Centre or Samara General Hospital outpatients Clinic. The diagnosis of asthma was performed by a specialist physician and was established according to the National Heart Blood and Lung Institute/World Health Organization (NHLBI/WHO) workshop on the Global Strategy for Asthma. Results. This study indicated that mean serum IgE level was 554 ± 447 IU/mL in asthmatic patients, while that of the control population was 69 ± 33 IU/mL. There was no overlap in the values of 95% confidence interval (CI) of higher control limit and lower asthmatic limit values. Addition of two standard deviations to the mean IgE value of the control group (134 IU/mL) does not overlap with the lower 95% CI of the asthmatic group. However, serum IgE was within normal values in 5.9% of asthmatic patients in our study population. There was an inverse correlation between serum IgE levels and forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) predicted percent for patients with asthma (r = -0.73, p < 0.0001). The predictive value of serum IgE in asthma was determined using Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) curve method. From the ROC curve, it can be seen that it is possible to get both high sensitivity and high specificity if the right cut-off value was chosen. In fact, a cut-off of 200 IU/mL would indicate sensitivity of 93% and specificity of 91% in this group of patients and control subjects. Following immunotherapy there was 36% reduction in total serum IgE level. The value of IgE was significantly reduced (p < 0.001) from 956 ± 378 IU/mL at baseline to 613 ± 194 IU/mL after treatment. Conclusion. Serum IgE level was predictive in asthma, and it may be used to differentiate between asthmatic and non-asthmatic individuals in conjunction with other biomarkers. Specific immunotherapy reduced serum total IgE level in 36% of patients with asthma. Copyright © 2008 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Pre-seasonal or perennial multiple allergen extract based immunotherapy: Hypothesis of therapeutic approach to treatment of symptomatic polysensitised allergic patients; Symptomatic allergic patients are often polysensitised. In order to discover symptom causative allergens and to discriminate between apparent and genuine polysensitisation cases, component resolved diagnosis is the correct approach toward the selection of an appropriate allergen extract for immunotherapy. Different allergen vaccines could be administered to patients before the pollen season over different periods and with various modalities in order to respect patient's sensitisation profile and symptom onset.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled evaluation of grass pollen specific immunotherapy with oral drops administered sublingually or supralingually; Forty-one patients suffering from grass pollen allergy underwent specific immunotherapy with standardized allergen extract consisting of six grass pollens (H-Al per os) administered either sublingually or supralingually for one year. In order to investigate clinical and immunological changes induced by the administration of allergens via the oral mucosa, the double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized design of the trial with 30 other patients enrolled in placebo groups was applied. Specific immunotherapy with oral drops administered sublingually or supralingually was performed in the same way, keeping the drops under or on the tongue, respectively, for 1-2 min before swallowing them
New visions in specific immunotherapy in children: an iPAC summary and future trends.; Specific immunotherapy is indicated for confirmed immunoglobulin E-mediated airway diseases using standardized allergen products with documented clinical efficacy and safety. For decades the subcutaneous route of administration (SCIT) has been the gold standard. Recently, the sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has also been investigated in children. SCIT, especially with grass and birch pollens but also house dust mites, is an effective treatment in children with allergic rhinitis and asthma when a significant part of their symptoms are caused by these allergens. A long-term effect up to 12 yr after discontinuation of SCIT with timothy allergen has been shown. Efficacy and safety of SLIT in pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis have been demonstrated in adults. The evidence in children is a little less convincing, and more data is needed. The clinical relevance, long-term results and the size of the effect, as well as the dose, the treatment regimen and duration has not been sufficiently elaborated. It is demonstrated that SCIT has the potential for preventing the development of asthma in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Also one randomized study indicates a preventive effect of SLIT in children on the development of asthma. At present, there are no studies who clearly demonstrates either a long-term effect or a preventive effect on the development of asthma of SLIT in children. The areas with lack of evidence should be addressed in well performed prospective, randomized long-term studies both with SCIT and SLIT. This review was initiated by iPAC (international Pediatric Allergy and Asthma Consortium) and aims to review current knowledge related to specific immunotherapy in childhood, and to identify needs for future research in this field.
Specific immunotherapy for common grass pollen allergies: Pertinence of a five grass pollen vaccine; Patients throughout Europe are concomitantly exposed to multiple pollens from distinct Pooideae species. Given the overlap in pollination calendars and similar grain morphology, it is not possible to identify which grass species are present in the environment from pollen counts. Furthermore, neither serum IgE reactivity nor skin prick testing allow the identification of which grass species are involved in patient sensitisation. Due to their high level of amino acid sequence homology (e.g., >90% for group 1, 55-80% for group 5), significant cross-immunogenicity is observed between allergens from Pooideae pollens. Nevertheless, pollen allergens also contain species-specific T or B cell epitopes, and substantial quantitative differences exist in allergen (e.g., groups 1 and 5) composition between pollens from distinct grass species. In this context, a mixture of pollens from common and well-characterised Pooideae such as Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Phleum pratense and Poa pratensis is suitable for immunotherapy purposes because (1) it has been validated, both in terms of safety and efficacy, by established clinical practice
A hypoallergenic hybrid molecule with increased immunogenicity consisting of derivatives of the major grass pollen allergens, Phl p 2 and Phl p 6; Allergen-specific immunotherapy is currently based on the administration of allergen extracts containing natural allergens. However, its broad application is limited by the poor quality of these extracts. Based on recombinant allergens, well-defined allergy vaccines for allergen-specific immunotherapy can be produced. Furthermore, they can be modified to reduce their allergenic activity and to avoid IgE-mediated side effects. Here, we demonstrate that the immunogenicity of two grass pollen-derived hypoallergenic allergen derivatives could be increased by engineering them as a single hybrid molecule. We used a hypoallergenic Phl p 2 mosaic, generated by fragmentation of the Phl p 2 sequence and reassembly of the resulting peptides in an altered order, and a truncated Phl p 6 allergen, to produce a hybrid protein. The hybrid retained the reduction of IgE reactivity and allergenic activity of its components as shown by ELISA and basophil activation assays. Immunization with the hybrid molecule demonstrated the increased immunogenicity of this molecule, leading to higher levels of allergen-specific IgG antibodies compared to the single components. These antibodies could inhibit patients' IgE binding to the wild-type allergens. Thus, the described strategy allows the development of safer and more efficacious vaccines for the treatment of grass pollen allergy. © 2008 by Walter de Gruyter.
Lack of inflammatory cells in the oral mucosa of subjects undergoing sublingual immunotherapy; The cells involved in allergic inflammation, such as mast cells, basophils, and eosinophils, have been thoroughly studied in the nose, the lungs and the skin, demonstrating an evident increase in response to the introduction of the specific allergen, while little is known in the mucosal system and particularly in the oral mucosa. We investigated such tissue by using the model of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), by which high doses of the specific allergen enter the mouth. Oral biopsies were carried out on seven subjects allergic to grass pollen and treated with SLIT by a grass extract. In biopsies carried out before SLIT there was a very low number of mast cells and eosinophils both in the epithelium and subepithelium layers, and insignificant changes were detected after SLIT. These findings show the lack of allergic inflammation in the oral mucosa upon contact with the specific allergen and confirm the role of the mouth as a tolerogenic site, which is conceivable considering the different attitude of the mouth, where the antigens transit to under goigestion, in respect to the airways or the skin, where the antigen absorption is potentially dangerous. Copyright © by Biolife, s.a.s.
Cluster immunotherapy with a glutaraldehyde-modified mixture of grasses results in an improvement in specific nasal provocation tests in less than 2.5 months of treatment; Background: Cluster immunotherapy is becoming increasingly used. It allows for a rapid build up phase and the administration of higher doses of allergen in a shorter period of time. Objectives: To evaluate the effect of short-term pre-seasonal immunotherapy using a glutaraldeyde-modified allergen vaccine in reducing specific nasal hyperreactivity in nasal challenge tests. Materials and Methods: Thirty-three patients were selected. All patients had a positive history of allergic rhinitis and skin tests to grass pollen, although most of them (72.7%) were sensitized to other allergens as well. The study was conducted outside of the pollen season and the patients did not receive any pharmacological treatment during this period of time. Two randomized groups of patients were established
IgE profiles of Bermuda grass pollen sensitised patients evaluated by Phleum pratense allergens Phl P 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 11, 12; Background: Despite the difference in geographical dominance of certain grasses, a high degree of allergenic similarity or cross-reactivity between Bermuda grass pollen (BGP) and timothy grass pollen (TGP) has been previously demonstrated. The aim of the present study was to ascertain the sensitisation to TGP in 411 patients known for their reactivity to BGP extracts by analysing their reactivity to crude timothy pollen extract and timothy pollen purified allergens, establishing their specific IgE-profiles. Methods: Using the immunoenzymatic CAP method we evaluated IgE-specific antibodies for BGP- and TGP-extracts and the timothy recombinant (r) and natural (n) allergens rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, nPhl p 4, rPhl p 5, rPhl p 6, rPhl p 7, rPhl p 11, and rPhl p 12. Results: BGP-IgE positive patients (median = 8.0 kUA/l, 2.8-22.2 kUA/l 25 th-75th percentile) simultaneously had IgE positive results for TGP (100% of subjects) (median = 48.9 kUA/l, 19.8- > 100 kUA/l 25th-75th percentile) and high prevalence of sensitization to 6/8 Phleum pratense allergens (Phl p 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 11, markers of genuine sensitisation to TGP) other than profilin and calcium binding protein. More than 72% of BGP allergic patients were co-sensitised to rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, nPhl p 4, rPhl p 5, rPhl p 6. A decrease of total and specific IgE with patients' age was observed. Conclusions: Our data show that all BGP-allergic patients simultaneously exhibit higher IgE antibody levels to recombinant and natural P. pratense allergens as well as to crude TGP extract. This suggests that when choosing an immunotherapeutic regimen for BGP-sensitised patients (after establishing their IgE profile via purified TGP-allergens), subcutaneous or sublingual TGP-extract vaccines in appropriate doses, in order to influence T epitope specificity, might be beneficial. Though extremely uncommon, in cases where a patient is exclusively BGP allergen-sensitised, BGP-extract therapy is the appropriate therapeutic response. ©2008 Japanese Society of Allergology.
A patient with a five-fold, symptom-free overdosing of sublingual immunotherapy; The authors consider the case study of a symptom-free, accidental five-fold overdosing during the sublingual immunotherapy of a 13 year old patient. Skin prick tests have found allergies to trees (hazel, alder, birch) and mould Cladosporium sp. with a severe allergy to mugwort, and laboratory measurements of specific IgEs have confirmed the allergy. The rhinomanometry examination confirmed the presence of a very severe nasal reaction after mugwort allergen provocation and a mild reaction after birch and Cladosporium sp. allergen provocation tests. The immunotherapy was based on a medication with 100% of mugwort allergens. The vaccine was used according to a maintenance dose scheme of 300 IR for 5 days by the patient up to a maximum dose (8 drops) instead of 4 drops daily (or 8 drops three times per week). The mother actually administered 40 drops of 300 IR concentration for several days until the medicine was consumed. No adverse events were noticed during the overdosing. Fexofenadine 120 mg was also administered. The SLIT treatment was continued for 3 years with very good results. The featured case study shows that significant overdosing caused by non-compliance does not have to result in complications. © Alergia Astma Immunologia 2008.
Grass pollen immunotherapy induces Foxp3-expressing CD4+CD25+ cells in the nasal mucosa; Background: Regulatory T (Treg) cells play an important role in controlling allergic inflammation. The transcription factor Foxp3 regulates the development and function of natural and adaptive CD4+CD25+ Treg cells. Objectives: We sought to examine the effect of grass pollen injection immunotherapy on the numbers of Foxp3+CD4+ and Foxp3+CD25+ T cells in and out of season and their expression of IL-10 in the nasal mucosa of patients with hay fever. Methods: Nasal biopsy specimens were obtained from untreated patients with hay fever, participants with grass pollen allergy who had received 2 years of immunotherapy, and healthy control subjects. Dual-immunofluorescence microscopy was used to enumerate and colocalize Foxp3 expression to CD4+ and CD25+ T cells in the nasal mucosa. Triple staining was performed to colocalize Foxp3+ cells to CD3+CD25+ and CD3+ IL-10-expressing cells. Results: At peak season, numbers of Foxp3+CD25+ (P = .02) and Foxp3+CD4+ (P = .03) cells were significantly increased in the nasal mucosa of immunotherapy-treated patients compared with numbers before treatment. Foxp3+CD25+ (P = .03) and Foxp3+CD4+ (P = .04) cells were also greater in immunotherapy-treated patients out of season compared with those in untreated patients with hay fever. Within the immunotherapy-treated group, 20% of CD3+CD25+ cells expressed Foxp3, and 18% of Foxp3+CD3+ cells were IL-10 positive. Conclusion: The presence of local Foxp3+CD25+CD3+ cells in the nasal mucosa, their increased numbers after immunotherapy, and their association with clinical efficacy and suppression of seasonal allergic inflammation support a putative role for Treg cells in the induction of allergen-specific tolerance in human subjects. © 2008 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Cross-reactivity between pollen allergens from common Pooideae grasses and rye; In Germany, specific pollen extracts are currently used for immunotherapy of rye (Secale cereale) allergy. Like most common grasses, S. cereale belongs to the Pooideae subfamily. Using sera from grass pollen-allergic patients, immunoblotting and ELISA inhibition studies demonstrate that a five-grass allergenic extract from Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Poa pratensis and Phleum pratense inhibits over 90% of IgE binding to rye allergens. This result confirms the high degree of homology between allergens from S. cereale and common grass species. We conclude that a five-grass pollen mixture is appropriate for desensitization of patients who are allergic to rye pollen without the need for additional rye pollen extracts. © 2008 The Authors.
Cross-reactivity between pollen allergens from common Pooideae grasses and cultivated cereals; In Europe, one-third of desensitization treatments for grass pollen allergy are supplemented with a mixture of cereal pollen extracts (Triticum sativum, Avena sativa, Zea mais and Hordeum vulgare). We have re-evaluated this practice in light of the recent availability of a desensitization tablet prepared from a mixture of pollen from five common grass species (Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Poa pratensis and Phleum pratense) from the Pooideae subfamily. Common grasses and cultivated cereals are very closely related phylogenetically, and as a consequence, their pollen exhibit a similar molecular composition. The latter is confirmed by ELISA inhibition and immunobloting experiments. Thus, immunotherapy based on a mixture of five grass pollen allows to treat patients sensitized with pollen allergens from cultivated cereals, without a need for additional cereal pollen extracts. © 2008 The Authors.
Sublingual-oral administration of standardized allergenic extracts: Phase 1 safety and dosing results; Background: European studies provide a preponderance of evidence for sublingual allergen immunotherapy (SLIT) safety and efficacy, but they use allergen products that differ from those expected to be approved in the United States. Objective: To determine the safety and tolerability of 4 US-licensed standardized SLIT allergenic extracts. Methods: Adults 18 to 50 years old with allergic rhinitis with or without asthma due to timothy grass pollen, short ragweed pollen, house dust mite, or cat hair allergy completed a single-session dose escalation followed by an 8-week, open-label daily course of SLIT. Participants documented the presence and severity of adverse effects and adherence using a daily electronic diary. Results: Ninety-one participants initiated treatment, and 77 completed the phase 1 testing. Maximum tolerable doses ranged from 50 to 2,090 BAU for cat hair and dust mite extract, 31 to 91 Amb a 1 Units for short ragweed pollen extract, and 50 to 21,090 BAU for timothy grass pollen extract. During the 8-week treatment course, 98.9% of participants reported at least 1 mild, 70.4% at least 1 moderate, and 13.6% at least 1 severe adverse effect. Most adverse effects (94.6%) were rated as mild, 5.2% as moderate, and 0.1% as severe
Grass pollen immunotherapy: IL-10 induction and suppression of late responses precedes IgG4 inhibitory antibody activity; Background: Grass pollen immunotherapy is an effective treatment for seasonal allergic rhinitis that provides the opportunity to study the induction and maintenance of allergen-specific immune tolerance. Objectives: We investigated the relationship between clinical responsiveness, regulatory cytokine production, and antibody responses to allergen during 1 year of immunotherapy. Methods: Eighteen subjects with severe seasonal allergic rhinitis were randomized double-blind to receive active or placebo injections of an alum-adsorbed grass pollen vaccine (Alutard SQ). Subjects underwent repeated testing of early- and late-phase skin responses to intradermal allergen, and cellular responses to grass pollen allergen were tested. Sera were tested for allergen-specific IgG4, IgA, and inhibitory activity in biologic assays of IgE responses. Results: Grass pollen immunotherapy was effective in reducing overall symptom scores (P < .05) and conjunctival reactivity (P < .05). In the active group significant IL-10 production occurred early at low allergen doses and at a similar time as inhibition of late skin responses at 2 to 4 weeks. Serum allergen-specific IgG4, IgA, and inhibitory antibody activity for basophil histamine release and IgE-facilitated allergen binding to B cells occurred later, at 6 to 12 weeks, at higher allergen doses and preceded inhibition of early skin responses. Conclusion: IL-10 responses occur early but at immunotherapy doses that are not clinically effective. Later induction of inhibitory antibodies, including IgG4 and IgA, might be required for efficacy through modulation of IgE-mediated events. © 2008 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Effect of sublingual immunotherapy with grass monomeric allergoid on allergen-specific T-cell proliferation and interleukin 10 production; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is safe and efficacious in the treatment of patients with allergic rhinitis. Although favorable clinical effects have been observed with controlled trials as early as a few months since the beginning of treatment, few biological changes induced by SLIT have been demonstrated. Objective: To investigate in grass-allergic patients the effect of a 2-month SLIT regimen, administered with a simplified protocol without up-dosing, on proliferation and production of cytokines characteristic of the regulatory T-cell phenotype (interleukin 10 [IL-10] and transforming growth factor β [TGF-β]) by allergen-specific T cells. Methods: Patients were recruited to the study in January 2006. SLIT was performed by self-administration and was continued for 60 days from February to April 2006. Eleven grass pollen-allergic patients with seasonal rhinitis were treated daily before the pollen season for 2 months with a modified allergen (monomeric allergoid) derived from a 3-grass pollen extract. Allergen-specific proliferation and production of IL-10 and TGF-β were measured on peripheral blood mononuclear cells at baseline and treatment end. Tetanus toxoid served as the control antigen. Results: After SLIT, allergen-specific (P = .002) but not tetanus toxoid-specific proliferation decreased, whereas IL-10 transcription increased (P < .001). TGB-β transcription was also increased after treatment, although not statistically significantly (P = .06). Changes in proliferation to allergen and in IL-10 transcription were correlated (r = -0.82, P = .003). Conclusions: A short-term course of SLIT with modified allergen in grass-allergic patients is associated with the reduction of allergen-specific proliferation and with the up-regulation of the IL-10 regulatory cytokine.
Immunotherapy in childhood; Immunotherapy with allergy extracts can be used to treat allergies by desensitisation. Currently only injection-based immunotherapy has been proven effective in children. Immunotherapy can be used in children with allergic rhinitis and/or mild to moderate asthma caused by an allergy for grass and tree pollen, dust mite or cat dander. Injection-based immunotherapy for insects can be used after an anaphylactic response to an insect sting. This article describes the indications, efficacy, contra-indications, safety and practical guidelines for injection-based immunotherapy in children. In addition an overview is given of other forms of immunotherapy, i.e. sublingual and nasal immunotherapy.
Local and systemic reactions occurring during immunotherapy: An epidemiological evaluation and a prospective safety-monitoring study; The efficacy of specific immunotherapy in allergic patients with IgE-mediated rhino-conjunctivitis, asthma and allergic reaction for stinging insects suggests the opportunity of improving technical procedures to minimize risk and optimise the safety of immunotherapy. This study investigated both local and systemic reactions, occurring in a population of 218 patients undergoing immunotherapy, in an attempt to correlate them with some parameters as well as age, sex and allergenic extracts. The epidemiological evaluation was based on the administration of a questionnaire to 218 patients in order to assess possible reactions to immunotherapy. The following data were evaluated: personal data, diagnosis, specific allergens, adverse reactions undergone during treatment, number of reactions and symptoms. The patients were followed-up by the medical staff of the Section of Allergological and Immunological Disease (SAID), University of Bari (Bari-Italy) for compilation of questionnaires. We found a correlation between female sex and adverse reactions. Among 107 patients referring reactions to the immunotherapy, 71 patients (66.3%) presented only local reactions
Efficacy and safety of specific immunotherapy with a high-dose sublingual grass pollen preparation: A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is increasingly being used for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, but there are conflicting study results demonstrating clinically relevant efficacy. Objective: To show clinical efficacy and safety of a new high-dose grass pollen preparation for SLIT. Methods: In a 2-year, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 185 subjects with rhinitis or rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma, were treated with a recently developed, high-dose, 6-grass pollen mixture for SLIT once daily. Results: The primary end point, a combined symptom-medication score, showed almost no change in the placebo group during a 42-day evaluation period in the grass pollen season from 2003 to 2005, whereas active treatment was associated with a significant and clinically relevant improvement (full analysis set, P = .01
Adjuvanted rush immunotherapy using CpG oligodeoxynucleotides in experimental feline allergic asthma; Allergic asthma is driven by relative overexpression of Th2 cell-derived cytokines in response to aeroallergens. In independent studies, both allergen-specific rush immunotherapy (RIT) and CpG oligodeoxynucleotides (ODN) showed promise in blunting eosinophilic inflammation in a model of feline allergic asthma. We hypothesized that RIT using allergen and CpG ODN would work synergistically to dampen the asthmatic phenotype in experimentally asthmatic cats. Twelve cats with asthma induced using Bermuda grass allergen (BGA) were studied. Of these, six were administered adjuvanted BGA RIT using CpG ODN #2142
Is specific immunotherapy now suitable for treating respiratory allergy?; Allergic rhinitis (AR) and asthma are inflammatory disorders of the nose and the bronchial airways induced by indoor and/or outdoor allergen exposure of the mucosa of the nose driving by IgE on-going production. Upper and lower respiratory allergic diseases can lead to a significant reduction in quality of life with a negative impact on work productivity, school performance and social activities, and represent a relevant direct and indirect health cost to society. The GINA and ARIA therapeutic approaches consider the use of different tools on the basis of the severity of the diseases with a stepwise approach. Many classes of drugs are currently available for the symptomatic treatment of AR and asthma. Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is a treatment designed to prevent allergic reaction from occurring, thus treating the basic cause of the disease process. SIT interferes with the basic mechanism of allergy and alters the natural course of allergic diseases, thus offering a long-lasting and preventive effect. Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) is the current standard of care. It is established as effective for patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma, especially for allergies to grass pollen, ragweed pollen, birch pollen, mountain cedar pollen, house dust mite, cladosporium, alternaria, and cats. Patients treated with SCIT are at increased risk of both local and systemic adverse reactions. In the majority of cases, symptoms were readily reversible with appropriate treatment. The problem of safety was a strong impulse to the search for alternative administration routes. In official documents, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is now considered as a viable alternative to the classic injection route for both adults and children with rhinitis and/or asthma.
Sublingual grass allergen tablet immunotherapy provides sustained clinical benefit with progressive immunologic changes over 2 years; Background: This is an interim analysis of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase III trial with 3 years of daily treatment with grass tablet immunotherapy (GRAZAX
Economic evaluation of a tablet-based vaccination against hay fever in Denmark; INTRODUCTION: Hay fever (allergic rhinoconjunctivitis) is a frequent disease and 12% of the Danish adult population suffer from grass-pollen induced hay fever. Symptomatic medication is the traditional treatment, while immunotherapy with sustained effect is an alternative. Grazax (Phleum pratense, ALK-Abelló) is a new tablet-based vaccination against grass-pollen induced hay fever. The aim was to investigate the cost-effectiveness of the tablet-based vaccination of grass-pollen induced hay fever in Denmark. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Based on a prospective collection of data as part of a clinical trial cost and quality of life (QALY) data for 493 patients, the tablet-based vaccine (Grazax) was compared in a cost-utility analysis (societal perspective) with symptomatic treatment. The analysis was based on three years of immunotherapy followed by six years of sustained effect. RESULTS: Significant more QALYs were gained from using the tablet-based vaccine (0.9799) compared with traditional symptomatic treatment (0.9567), which with a nine-year time horizon corresponds to 0.19 extra QALYs. The costs of vaccination against hay fever were DKK 34,498. With a nine-year time horizon, the cost per extra QALY from using the tablet-based vaccine was DKK 52,646 or DKK 134,105, focussing on direct costs alone. These results are below the unofficial thresholds for what the costs of a QALY should be. CONCLUSION: The analysis has shown that tablet-based immunotherapy (Grazax) for the treatment of hay fever results in an improved quality of life and that it is a cost-effective choice.
Comparison of costs of sublingual immunotherapy and drug treatment in grass-pollen induced allergy: Results from the SIMAP database study; Objectives: This analysis is focused on the comparison of costs of allergic rhinitis (R) alone or with allergic asthma (R + A) in grass pollen allergy, for subjects treated with sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) and symptomatic drugs, versus standard care controls. Methods:The SIMAP (Sublingual IMmunotherapy in Allergic Patients) study is a longitudinal observational database operated by a network of Allergy centers. Patients suffering from grass pollen allergy were included in this analysis and assigned to SLIT (plus drugs as needed) or to treatment with drugs alone. Outcome measures included use of medications, SLIT, visits and tests. Costs were assessed from the perspective of the Italian National Health Service
Sublingual immunotherapy with standardized quality grass allergen tablets: Results of the development program; 15-25% of the German population suffer from allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, which is caused by grass pollen in half of the cases. Allergen-specific immunotherapy is considered the only causal treatment. For the first time a registered preparation for sublingual immunotherapy designed as a lyophilisated grass pollen tablet is available for the treatment of grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. The tablet consists of standard quality- (SQ) standardized grass pollen allergens from timothy (Phleum pratense) in a dosage of 75.000 SQ-T. The application is once daily. This review summarizes the clinical studies for the evaluation of the safety and clinical efficacy of this new preparation. In the early phase of the development program, the main interest was related to safety issues. In total, 3 Phase I studies have been performed. In 1 of these studies patients were treated outside the pollen season with dosages of up to 1.000.000 SQ-T (> 13 times the dosage of the actual tablet) without severe or serious adverse events. In a dose-finding study, the optimal therapeutic dose was found to be 75.000 SQ-T once daily. With this dose the following studies were performed. In a Phase III study (GT-08) 634 patients were included. A mean reduction of the symptom score of 30% (p < 0.0001) and of the medication score of 38% (p < 0.0001) was demonstrated in the first treatment year. For the second treatment year (351 patients) a mean reduction of the symptom score of 36% (p < 0.0001) and of the medication score of 46% (p < 0.0001) was found. Serologic analyses revealed a modified systemic response of the immune system with a significant progessive increase of specific IgG4 antibodies after each treatment year. © 2008 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Treatment of grass pollen allergy: Focus on a standardized grass allergen extract - Grazax®; Immunotherapy is the only treatment for allergy that has the potential to alter the natural course of the disease. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for grass pollen-induced rhino-conjunctivitis has been developed to make immunotherapy available to a broader group of allergic patients. In the largest clinical programme ever conducted with allergen-specific immunotherapy, over 1,700 adults and 260 children have been exposed to Grazax®. Grazax is formulated as an oral lyophilisate (tablet) for sublingual administration, containing 75,000 SQ-T standardized allergen extract of grass pollen from Phleum pratense. Grazax is indicated for treatment of grass pollen-induced rhinitis and conjunctivitis in adult patients with clinically relevant symptoms and diagnosed with a positive skin prick test and/or specific IgE test to grass pollen. In phase I trials doses from 2,500 to 1,000,000 SQ-T were tested. All doses were well tolerated and 75,000 SQ-T, with approximately 15 μg major allergen protein, was chosen as the optimal dose. Three phase III trials are ongoing, one being a long-term trial. Results from GT-08 trial first and second treatment years showed a reduction of 30% and 36%, respectively, in daily rhino-conjunctivitis symptom scores and a reduction of 38% and 46% of daily rhino-conjunctivitis medication scores compared with placebo over the entire grass pollen season. Subjects treated with Grazax also had an increased number of well days and improved quality of life, andmore subjects experienced excellent rhino-conjunctivitis control. The most common adverse events related to Grazax are local reactions, such as prinitus, edema mouth, ear pruritus, throat irritation, and sneezing. We conclude that Grazax is efficacious and safe for treatment of rhino-conjunctivitis due to grass pollen allergy. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
The role of anti-IgE therapy in combination with allergen specific immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Novel therapies that interfere specifically with immunologic mechanisms underlying allergen-induced pathology are currently in clinical evaluation. Among these is anti-IgE, which directly targets IgE serum antibodies, thus inhibiting the central mechanism of immediate-type hypersensitivity reactions. Application of anti-IgE antibodies effectively reduces IgE serum levels regardless of allergen specificity. Anti-IgE therapy has been successfully tested in patients with allergic rhinitis, asthma, and food allergy, showing significant efficacy in reducing symptom scores and the use of rescue medications. However, such therapy is limited by high costs and the requirements for permanent or every-season treatment. The advantage of specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the potential to alter the course of the disease, which has been demonstrated in patients with allergic rhinitis, insect venom allergy and, to a lesser degree, asthma. The broader application of SIT is restricted by sometimes life-threatening adverse effects. The combination of anti-IgE with SIT was suggested to be superior to each single treatment protocol in children and adolescents with allergic rhinitis. In a randomized, double-blind trial to assess the efficacy and safety of anti-IgE (omalizumab) or placebo in combination with SIT (birch pollen or grass pollen), the combination therapy reduced symptom load, the sum of daily symptom severity score plus rescue medication use, over the birch and grass pollen seasons by nearly 50% over SIT alone. These data show that the combination of anti-IgE plus SIT may be beneficial for the treatment of allergic diseases, offering improved efficacy, limited adverse effects, and potential immune-modifying effects. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy is well tolerated and data suggest its effectiveness for the treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults, but it lacks optimum dose definition. Objective: To assess the efficacy, safety, and optimal dose of grass pollen tablets for immunotherapy of patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: In this multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 628 adults with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis (confirmed by positive skin prick test and serum-specific IgE) received 1 of 3 doses of a standardized 5-grass pollen extract, or placebo, administered sublingually using a once-daily tablet formulation. The treatment was initiated 4 months before the estimated pollen season and continued throughout the season. The primary outcome was Rhinoconjunctivitis Total Symptom Score
Predicting patients at high-risk of systemic reactions to cluster allergen immunotherapy: A pilot prospective observational study; Objective: The purpose of this study was to identify factors associated with increased risk of adverse systemic reactions to cluster allergen immunotherapy and to create a preliminary predictive clinical model. Methods: In a prospective observational study, the tolerance of 611 patients with seasonal respiratory diseases who were receiving cluster immunotherapy was monitored and all systemic reactions were recorded. Associations between potential prognostic factors (sex, age, respiratory disease, severity, duration of disease, previous immunotherapy, nonseasonal symptoms, skin prick test, total immunoglobulin (Ig) E, specific IgE, treatment schedule, allergenic composition, batch, date of treatment, habitat, place of residence) and systemic reactions were estimated. Multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis was used to build a predictive clinical model and estimate the probability of systemic reactions to cluster immunotherapy. Results: Sixty-five patients (10.6%) suffered systemic reactions. Only 7 independent risk factors were retained in the final model: age over14 years (odds ratio [OR], 2.6), previous immunotherapy (OR, 0.3), skin prick test positive to Chenopodium album (white goosefoot) (OR, 3.0), elevated specific IgE to grass pollen (OR, 2.3), elevated specific IgE to olive pollen (OR, 4.1), olive pollen 100% composition (OR, 2.6) and treatment schedule (OR, 1, 1.6 or 7.1, depending on the cluster immunotherapy schedule). Conclusions: This predictive model, derived from simple clinical variables, has excellent ability to assess individual risk of suffering systemic reactions to cluster allergen immunotherapy. Detecting high-risk patients can help clinicians to prevent and eliminate many severe adverse reactions to cluster immunotherapy. © 2007 Esmon Publicidad.
Efficacy and quality of life with once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with grasses plus olive pollen extract without updosing; Objective: The purpose of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was to evaluate the clinical efficacy and tolerance of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy without updosing. Reduction in symptoms and medication use was the primary endpoint. Methods: One hundred five patients with rhinitis and/or asthma due to grass and olive sensitization were randomized to be treated with placebo or active sublingual immunotherapy with the SLITone grass mix plus olive pollen extract for 6 months before the 2005 pollen season. Patients recorded symptoms and medication intake for 8 weeks during the pollen seasons in 2004 (n = 37) and 2005 (n = 85). Results: Allergic symptoms were significantly decreased in the active immunotherapy group (P = .004) but not in the placebo group. There were no differences in scores between groups during the 2005 pollen season. Subjective assessments on a visual analog scale and a quality-of-life questionnaire indicated an improvement in actively treated patients with significant differences in both symptoms and medication use (P = .006). The rate of systemic adverse reactions was comparable in the 2 groups. No anaphylactic or severe adverse reactions were reported. Local adverse reactions, which were more common in the active immunotherapy group, were mostly immediate, were limited to the lips and mouth, and did not require treatment. Conclusion: Once-daily sublingual immunotherapy without updosing was well tolerated. The actively treated patients showed a significant reduction in symptom and medication scores and an improvement in their quality of life although there were no significant differences between the groups probably due to the low allergen season in which the study was evaluated. © 2007 Esmon Publicidad.
Safety evaluation monitoring study of a short build up schedule of immunotherapy with intact mixture of grass and rye pollen extracts in adults; Introduction. The efficacy of injective immunotherapy in the treatment of IgE-dependent allergic diseases is no longer a matter of debate, but concerns about its safety and compliance problems due to a great number of visits required in the build-up phase are limiting factor for its widespread usage. Aim of the study. The aim of the study was to investigate the safety of accelerated build-up schedule of conventional immunotherapy with Phostal in adults with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma, allergic to grasses. Material and methods. Assess, in the open, prospective study, the safety of accelerated (8 week) build-up schedule of immunotherapy in 24 grass pollen-sensitive patients with rhinitis or conjunctivitis, with or without the accompanying asthma. Results. All of the patients were finally enlisted in the study. Significant adverse events were not observed. Conclusion. Accelerated (8 week) schedule used instead of the standard (13 week) build-up schedule of immunotherapy did not increase the frequency of adverse events. Implementing new, safe and short schedules could lead to a better compliance and to a broader use of injective immunotherapy. © Alergia Astma Immunologia, 2007.
A case of pollinosis to grass pollens who presented with dyspnea and successfully treated by rush immunotherapy; We present a 15 years old boy who experienced unusual symptoms for pollen allergy, and successfully treated by rush immunotherapy. The patient started to complain erythema and edema on his face and serous rhinorrhea at 10 years old when going out. He entered baseball team at junior high school, and subsequently experienced choking sensation, dyspnea, face edema, and it was sometimes impossible to continue play. He was diagnosed as bronchial asthma at some hospital, and prescribed many anti-asthma medications including inhaled corticosteroid, which did not take effect. His symptoms deteriorated in summer and ameliorated in winter. When he was 15 years old, he was referred to us by a pediatrician for reassessment of his symptoms. Flow-volume curve was normal, and bronchial provocation test (acetylcholine and histamine), and exercise challenge were negative. IgE antibodies specific to grass pollens were highly positive. We made a diagnosis of pollinosis to grass pollens instead of bronchial asthma. Oral antihistamines and intranasal corticosteroid partially improved his symptoms. We started rush-immunotherapy of grass-pollens (oats and bromegrass), Japanese cedar, and ragweed. His symptoms improved dramatically on the next season of grass pollens.
Sublingual immunotherapy in pollen-induced seasonal rhinitis and conjunctivitis: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a recognized and safe treatment for allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis. The aim was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tablets for grass and rye pollen-induced rhinitis and conjunctivitis. Methods: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial was carried out over 9 months. 105 patients received a standardized grass/rye mix extract or a placebo using sublingual drops during the build-up phase. Drops were replaced by sublingual tablets during the maintenance phase (300 IR/daily). Results: In patients that received active treatment, a significantly lower total symptom score (rhinitis and conjunctivitis) compared to the placebo group was observed (p = 0.038). The investigators' assessment revealed a significant improvement in favor of the active treatment group (p = 0.018). Skin reactivity to grass and rye pollen was significantly reduced in the active treatment group (p < 0.05). No statistical difference was observed between the two groups for serum-specific IgG4 levels. Side effects were local and mild, and no severe systemic reactions were reported. Conclusion: This study indicates that tablet-based sublingual immunotherapy was safe and significantly improved grass/rye pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms. It was also associated with a significant inhibition of the immediate skin response.
An extract of Timothy-grass pollen used as sublingual immunotherapy for summer hay fever; Grazax® is a lyophilisate of an extract of Timothy-grass pollen (Phleum pratense) administered by the sublingual route to induce desensitization (or hyposensitization) to grass pollen in subjects with hay fever. Since allergen avoidance measures are limited in hay fever sufferers, present treatment, at least in the United Kingdom, is almost always by symptomatic medication. The effectiveness of symptomatic treatment in hay fever is variable and depends on patient compliance and the judicious prescribing of antihistamines and anti-inflammatory preparations either alone or in combination. Desensitization (hyposensitization or specific immunotherapy) by subcutaneous injection has been shown to be very efficacious and is used for patients who do not adequately respond to drug treatment. A rare side effect of desensitizing injections is anaphylaxis, and so use is limited to specialized centers. For these reasons there has been considerable interest in specific immunotherapy by the sublingual route. Grazax® has recently been approved in the United Kingdom. It is commenced at least four months prior to the expected start of the grass pollen season and in line with injection immunotherapy treatment will be recommended for a period of three years with annual reviews to assess patient outcomes. Grazax® grass allergen tablets are well tolerated in patients with grass pollen allergy with most adverse events being mild local reactions. There have been no instances of anaphylaxis. In randomized double-blind placebo controlled trials Grazax® reduces symptoms and medication scores in adults with hay fever. The long-term effects of Grazax® are currently being investigated. © 2007 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Specific immunotherapy: the latest in new treatments; It has been estimated that one person in five has a respiratory allergy. It has likewise been estimated that 45 million Europeans will become allergic to grass pollen. Sponsored by the WHO, ARIA (Allergic Rhinitis and its Impact on Asthma) proposed guidelines for the treatment of allergic rhinitis in which specific immunotherapy (SIT) occupies a central place because it is the only therapy capable of modifying the immune status of the allergic individual. The efficacy of SIT is fully supported by results of clinical studies reviewed in several meta-analyses, covering both injection and sublingual administration. In recent years, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been shown to be efficacious and well-tolerated, with more than 500 million doses having been administered to date without undesirable systemic side effects where the rules of good clinical practice have been followed. This form of immunotherapy is now available in the form of rapidly-dissolving sublingual tablets. This review will analyze clinical studies dealing with this new form of immunotherapy, its efficacy, tolerance and cost/efficacy ratio. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Allergen injection immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Allergic rhinitis is the most common of the allergic diseases. Despite improved understanding of the pathophysiology of allergic rhinitis and advances in its pharmacological treatment, its prevalence has increased worldwide. For patients whose symptoms remain uncontrolled despite medical treatment, allergen injection immunotherapy is advised. An allergen-based treatment may reduce symptoms, the need for medication and modify the natural course of this disease. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous specific allergen immunotherapy, compared with placebo, for reducing symptoms and medication requirements in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library, Issue 1 2006), MEDLINE (1950 to 2006), EMBASE (1974 to 2006), Pre-MEDLINE, KOREAMED, INDMED, LILACS, PAKMEDINET, Scisearch, mRCT and the National Research Register. The date of the last search was February 2006. Selection criteria: All studies identified by the searches were assessed to identify randomised controlled trials involving participants with symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy or corresponding placebo. Data collection and analysis: Two independent authors identified all studies reporting double-blind, placebo controlled randomised trials of specific immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis due to tree, grass or weed pollens. Two authors independently performed quality assessment of studies. Data from identified studies were abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.2.8. Analysis was performed using the Standardised Mean Difference (SMD) method and a random-effects model
Delineating the specificity of an IgE-encoding transcriptome; Background: Although much is known about the reactivity of polyclonal populations of antibodies targeting the wide array of allergens produced by timothy (Phleum pratense) and other grass species, little is known about the finer details at the level of individual antibody specificities. Objective: We sought to investigate the IgE repertoire as it occurs in a patient with grass pollen allergy. Methods: For this purpose, a human IgE library was used, constructed from peripheral blood B cells of an individual with timothy allergy. The library was screened by using phage display against a panel of 6 timothy allergens (Phl p 1, Phl p 2, Phl p 4, Phl p 5, Phl p 6, and Phl p 11). Results: Highly diverse antibody fragments with respect to gene usage were identified. The binders were specific for their respective target antigen, except for clones selected on Phl p 6 that also recognized Phl p 5, most likely reflecting the high sequence homology between these allergens. Interestingly, by using this approach, we were able to determine the specificity of more than 25% of all IgE-producing transcripts in this individual with allergy. Conclusion: The human IgE repertoire is produced by a limited number of highly related B-cell clones and as such is restricted in its recognition of a limited number of antigens. Clinical implications: Human allergen-specific antibodies can, by defining the specificity of IgE responses, aid in the development of allergy vaccines or even by themselves be used in passive immunotherapy. © 2007 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Sublingual-swallow immunotherapy with standardized 3-grass pollen extract: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is accepted as a safe and effective route for the treatment of grass pollen allergy, but clarification of its clinical and biological efficacy requires more study. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and compliance of SLIT with a standardized 3-grass pollen extract in patients with grass pollen seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without mild asthma. Methods: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind study included 127 patients (aged 12-41 years
Grazax: an oral vaccine for the treatment of grass pollen allergy (hay fever).; Grazax is a self-administered, once-daily, tablet-based vaccine that offers an alternative to allergy shots for adults with grass pollen allergy (hay fever). (2) Evidence from three randomized controlled trials indicates modest improvements in hay fever symptoms, with reduced use of medication to control symptoms (rescue medication use) in adults who took Grazax compared with placebo. No studies have compared Grazax with injection-based allergen immunotherapy. (3) It is not yet known if patients treated with Grazax will have a sustained tolerance to grass pollen following treatment discontinuation. (4) Adverse effects of Grazax are generally mild to moderate local allergic reactions of short duration, and include itching and swelling of the mouth, and throat irritation. (5) If Grazax becomes widely prescribed and is covered by provincial drug plans, the costs to the Canadian health care system and the impact on allergy specialist services could be substantial.
Effect of grass pollen immunotherapy with Alutard SQ® on quality of life in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Treatment of allergic rhinitis with subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy is effective in terms of reductions in symptoms and seasonal use of reliever medication. Its effect on quality of life (QoL), reflecting the impact of symptoms on work/school performance and leisure activities is, however, important and often overlooked. Aims of the study: To assess effect on QoL of specific immunotherapy with two doses of Alutard SQ® Phleum pratense in patients with moderately to severe seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis inadequately controlled by standard drug therapy. Methods: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study of 410 patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Participants were randomized (2:1:1) to receive Alutard SQ® P. pratense (ALK-Abelló) at maintenance doses of 100 000 SQ-U (203 subjects), 10 000 SQ-U (104 subjects) or placebo (103 subjects) given by subcutaneous injections. The groups were well matched for demographics and baseline symptoms. Quality of life was assessed using the Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality of Life Questionnaire which covers seven domains of health before and in the peak of the pollen season. Results: While all domain scores were significantly improved when comparing 100 000 SQ-U with placebo, two domain scores were significantly improved when comparing 10 000 SQ-U with placebo. When comparing 100 000 SQ-U with 10 000 SQ-U, four domain scores were significantly improved. Conclusion: Treatment with Alutard SQ® significantly improved the seasonal QoL of patients suffering from allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. The improvement was more pronounced and wider ranging in patients who received the higher 100 000 SQ-U maintenance dose. © 2007 The Authors.
Human dendritic cells transfected with allergen-DNA stimulate specific immunoglobulin G4 but not specific immunoglobulin E production of autologous B cells from atopic individuals in vitro; Atopic/allergic diseases are characterized by T helper 2 (Th2)-dominated immune responses resulting in immunoglobulin E (IgE) production. DNA-based immunotherapies have been shown to shift the immune response towards Th1 in animal models. In further studies we showed that human dendritic cells (DC) transfected with allergen-DNA are able to stimulate autologous CD4+ T cells from atopic individuals to produce Th1 instead of Th2 cytokines and to activate interferon-γ (IFN-γ)-producing CD8+ T cells. The aim of this study was to analyse whether DC transfected with allergen-DNA are also able to influence immunoglobulin production of B cells from atopic donors. For this purpose, human monocyte-derived DC from grass-pollen allergic donors were transfected with an adenovirus encoding the allergen Phleum pratense 1 and cocultured with B cells, autologous CD4+ T cells, and CD40 ligand-transfected L-cells. B cells receiving help from CD4+ T cells stimulated with allergen-transfected dendritic cells produced more allergen-specific IgG4 compared to stimulation with allergen protein pulsed DC or medium, while total IgG4 production was not affected. In contrast, specific IgE production was not enhanced by stimulation with allergen-DNA transfected DC compared to medium and inhibited compared to allergen protein-pulsed DC with similar effects on total IgE production in vitro. Allergen-DNA transfected dendritic cells are able to direct the human allergic immune response from Th2-dominance towards Th1 and Tc1 also resulting in decreased IgE and increased IgG4 production. © 2007 The Authors.
Lymphocyte differentiation in the nasal mucosa; Few cytological studies have investigated the morphologic changes occurring during lymphocyte differentiation in the nose. The aim of the study is to investigate lymphocyte and plasma cell morphology in patients with allergic rhinitis. Nasal cytology was performed in 110 patients (61 men, 49 women) of ages ranging from 12 to 47 years (mean age, 27), 72 of whom were affected by pollen allergic rhinitis (32 allergic to olive, 21 to Parietaria, 13 to grasses, and 6 to cypress) and 38 by perennial allergic rhinitis (allergy to house dust mites). Cytological samples were obtained by scraping with Rhino-Probe™. The samples were collected from the inferior middle turbinate. After fixing and drying, the samples were stained and counted. Cells belonging to the lymphocyte-plasma cell lineage were analyzed. Within this population, 5 different cellular types were identified displaying particular morphologic features of the nucleus and the cytoplasm. These morphological variants constitute various functional stages of B lymphocytes. In allergic inflammation, antigen stimulation induces B lymphocytes to differentiate and become plasma cells. The findings from this strictly morphological study will need to be confirmed by immunohistochemical and immunophenotypic studies. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Cost-effectiveness of GRAZAX® for prevention of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in Southern Europe; Background: Allergic rhinoconjunctivitis is a global health problem. Around 14 million people in Spain, France, Italy, and Austria suffer from grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis. Standard care only provides symptoms relief, while allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) treats the underlying cause of the disease. Grazax® from ALK-Abelló is a new, tablet-based, effective route of SIT for home treatment. The objective was to assess the cost-effectiveness of Grazax® in four Southern European countries. Methods: A prospective pharmacoeconomic analyses was carried out alongside a multinational, clinical trial measuring the efficacy of Grazax®. Pooled data on resource use and health outcomes were collected. A societal perspective was adopted, and the analysis had a nine-year time horizon. The primary outcome measure was quality adjusted life years (QALYs). Results: Grazax® was superior to standard care for all efficacy endpoints, including QALYs gained, and resulted in significantly less use of rescue medication and fewer hours missed from work. Grazax® was cost-effective for all countries for an annual price in the range of €1500-€1900. The result was improved by inclusion of future costs of asthma and exclusion of Spanish trial centers which experienced an exceptionally low pollen season. Conclusion: The analysis illustrates that allergen SIT with Grazax® for grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis is a cost-effective intervention in Southern Europe. © 2007.
Safety of specific sublingual immunotherapy with SQ standardized grass allergen tablets in children; The aim of the study was to confirm the safety of an orodispersible grass allergen tablet 75,000 SQ-T (Grazax®, ALK-Abelló A/S, Hørsholm, Denmark) in children aged 5-12 yr. The study was randomized, double-blinded and placebo-controlled. Sixty children aged 5-12 yr suffering from grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis (with or without asthma) from five centres in two countries (three in Germany and two in Spain) participated in the study. They were randomized at the ratio of 3:1 as receiving either Grazax or placebo tablet given sublingually once daily for 28 days outside the grass pollen season. A total of 810 treatment-related adverse events were reported in the Grazax group. The majority of these were local reactions in the mouth or throat and were mostly mild (71%) to moderate (27%) in severity and resolved within days. Thirty-five (78%) subjects treated with Grazax and five (33%) treated with placebo reported at least one treatment-related adverse event. Oral pruritus, throat irritation, mouth oedema and ear pruritus appeared as the most frequently reported treatment-related adverse events. 62% (28 of 45) of the actively treated subjects reported oral pruritus, 36% (16 of 45) throat irritation, 31% (14 of 45) mouth oedema and 22% (10 of 45) ear pruritus. Two actively treated subjects withdrew from the study: one subject due to four adverse events (moderate eye pruritus, moderate pharyngolaryngeal pain, moderate non-cardiac chest pain and moderate dysphagia) and one subject due to a serious adverse event (asthmatic attack). The subjects recovered completely from the events. In conclusion, in the present study, Grazax was in general tolerated in a paediatric population and considered suitable for further clinical investigations in children. © 2007 The Authors.
Omalizumab (Xolair) in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis: Leukotriene release as a potential in vitro parameter to monitor therapeutic effects; To investigate the effect of omalizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody, in addition to specific immunotherapy (SIT) on in vitro sulfidoleukotriene release (SLT) (A) before, (B) directly after, and (C) 1 yr after treatment with omalizumab. Children and adolescents (6.3-17.6 yr) with sensitization to birch and grass pollens and suffering from seasonal allergic rhinitis were included in a Phase III, placebo-controlled, multicenter clinical study. Within the four-arm study, patients were randomly chosen to receive SIT for either birch or grass pollen and either subcutaneous omalizumab or placebo for 24 wk during the pollen season. Thereafter, omalizumab or placebo treatment ended, but SIT therapy continued. Blood samples were collected from 92 (A, B) and 78 children (C), respectively. Leukocytes were isolated and stimulated with grass and birch pollen allergens. In the supernatants, SLT (LTC4, LTD4, LTE4) were measured using ELISA [cellular allergen stimulation test, DPC-Biermann, Germany]. At the end of treatment the combination of omalizumab + SIT-grass [median SLT-release: 2125 (before) and 416 ng/ml (after omalizumab treatment)
Cross-reactivity of pollen allergens: Impact on allergen immunotherapy; Objective: To provide guidelines for the rational formulation of allergen immunotherapy extracts based on knowledge of pollen allergen and epitope cross-reactivity. Data Sources: A PubMed search was performed for articles published from 1966 to 2007 using the key words pollen, allergen, and cross-reactivity. Older literature was found through cross-referencing of older articles and older reviews on pollen cross-reactivity. Study Selection: Articles that dealt with crude pollen extracts and characterized allergens that addressed cross-reactivity were selected for inclusion in this review. Results: In addition to unique allergens, several families of botanic proteins have similarities that allow them to act as pan-allergens. Although frequently these are minor allergens, in some circumstances they may also be major allergens. Recent studies have investigated nonspecific lipid transfer proteins, calcium-binding proteins, pathogenesis-related protein families, and profilins. Calcium-binding proteins and nonspecific lipid transfer proteins are responsible for pollen-fruit interactions and pollen cross-reactivity. Clarification of pollen allergen enzymatic activity helps explain the ubiquitous nature of these proteins. Conclusion: Characterization of specific pollen allergens and their protein families has provided insight into cross-reactivity. Clarification of these relationships allows for consolidation or substitution in formulation of inhalant extracts.
Sublingual allergen immunotherapy: Immunological mechanisms and prospects for refined vaccine preparations; Allergic diseases constitute a major health issue worldwide. Mainstay treatment constitutes allergen avoidance and pharmacotherapy for symptom relief, but allergen immunotherapy offers advantages of specific treatment with long lasting efficacy, and being able to modify the course of the disease. Conventional immunotherapy involves the subcutaneous injection of gradually increasing amounts of allergen extract but the use of current whole allergen extracts is restricted by the risk of adverse - IgE-mediated events especially for potent allergens such as peanut and latex and for asthmatics. This has lead to interest in alternative routes of immunotherapy. Oral tolerance is a well-documented immune process and the sublingual route of administration of allergen immunotherapy is attracting interest. Recent meta-analyses show that sublingual allergen immunotherapy for grass pollen and house dust mite allergy is clinically effective and safer than injection immunotherapy. Some studies show SLIT induces changes of T cell anergy, immune deviation, blocking antibodies, and induction of regulatory T cells, as described for injection immunotherapy pointing to the need to target allergen-specific T cells, there is emergent evidence that the oral mucosa presents distinct regulatory features. Evidence suggests that oral dendritic cells play a key role in inducing tolerance especially when allergen is taken up via Fc receptor-bound IgE. This suggests that although both would target allergen-specific T cells, allergen formulations may differ with respect to IgE epitopes for optimal SLIT compared with-SCIT. Identification of the molecular nature of the allergen-DC receptor interaction is required to determine whether short peptides or recombinant allergen preparations and of suitable adjuvants specifically tailored for the sublingual route will allow the development of improved allergen formulations and delivery strategies for efficacy of treatment whilst decreasing, IgE-mediated adverse effects. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Grass allergen tablet immunotherapy relieves individual seasonal eye and nasal symptoms, including nasal blockage; Background: Symptoms of allergic rhinitis have a considerable impact on the quality of life of the sufferer. Sneezing, runny nose, blocked nose and headache are some of the most common symptoms of allergic rhinitis, which affects work, home and social life for many patients. Sublingual immunotherapy has shown to induce a protective immune response and provide sustained symptom prevention for allergic patients. Aims of the trial: The overall aims were to investigate the efficacy and safety of a sublingual grass allergen tablet (Grazax® 75 000 SQ-T
Prolonged preseasonal treatment phase with Grazax sublingual immunotherapy increases clinical efficacy; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy treatment with grass allergen tablets (Grazax®) is initiated preseasonally without up-dosing and treatment is continued throughout the entire grass pollen season. Aims of the study: The influence of the duration of preseasonal treatment on clinical efficacy obtained within the grass pollen season was investigated. Methods: Data from three randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centre trials with varying preseasonal treatment periods were analysed. In the grass pollen season, symptom and medication score reductions relative to placebo were calculated and correlated with the duration of the preseasonal treatment period. Results: The analysis was based on data from 934 patients. A significant reduction in seasonal daily rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores (17%, CI: 1-33% and 23%, CI: 1-47%, P < 0.05) was observed for patients treated with Grazax® compared with placebo after approximately 8 weeks of pretreatment. The magnitude of the reductions in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores increased with longer duration of preseasonal treatment (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Sublingual immunotherapy with Grazax® must be initiated at least 8 weeks prior to the grass pollen season to provide a significant clinical efficacy. A longer preseasonal treatment period (>8 weeks) improves the clinical efficacy (relative to placebo) during the grass pollen season. © 2007 The Authors.
Stability of standardized grass, dust mite, cat, and short ragweed allergens after mixing with mold or cockroach extracts; Background: Limited data are available on the immunochemical compatibilities of standardized and nonstandardized allergen extracts in immunotherapy vaccines. Extract combinations recommended in immunotherapy practice parameters are based primarily on theoretical considerations rather than on actual product compatibilities. Objectives: To determine the stabilities of standardized grass, short ragweed, dust mite, and cat extracts after mixing with fungal and cockroach extracts at final product concentrations similar to those recommended for maintenance immunotherapy injections. Methods: Mixtures were prepared using individual products from multiple sources at variable glycerin concentrations and were analyzed after storage for up to 1 year at 2°C to 8°C. Quantitative analyses included radial immunodiffusion assays for cat Fel d 1 and short ragweed Amb a 1 and human IgE enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay inhibitions for meadow fescue grass and dust mite allergens. Immunoblot analyses provided qualitative patterns of IgE binding. Results: Meadow fescue grass allergens were unstable after mixing with fungal or cockroach extracts but were highly compatible with dust mite extracts from numerous commercial sources. Fescue and dust mite allergen recoveries varied considerably when mixed with different mold extracts. The presence of cockroach extracts reduced dust mite allergen potencies but retained moderate levels of cat and short ragweed allergen activities. In all cases examined, glycerin provided concentration-dependent improvements in allergen recoveries. Conclusions: Several allergen extract combinations generally regarded as unstable by current practice parameters seem to possess considerable biochemical compatibilities. Use of these mixtures in immunotherapy vaccines is supported for practitioners seeking to optimize formulations, doses, and treatment regimens for their patients.
Skin test diagnosis of grass pollen allergy with a recombinant hybrid molecule; Background: A recombinant hybrid molecule (HM) consisting of 4 major allergens from timothy grass (Phl p 1, 2, 5, and 6) was expressed in Escherichia coli, purified, and characterized regarding its immunologic properties. Objective: We sought to determine whether the recombinant HM can be used for the diagnosis of grass pollen allergy by means of skin testing. Methods: Skin prick testing was performed in 32 patients with grass pollen allergy and in 9 control individuals by using increasing concentrations (4, 12, 36, and 108 μg/mL) of the HM and using commercial grass pollen extract. Specific IgE reactivities against the HM, grass pollen extract, and a panel of purified grass pollen allergens (recombinant Phl p 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 12, and 13 and natural Phl p 4) were measured by means of ELISA, and timothy grass pollen-specific IgE levels were determined by using ImmunoCAP. Results: Grass pollen allergy was diagnosed in all patients by means of skin testing with the HM. No false-positive skin test responses were obtained in the control individuals. There was an excellent correlation between IgE levels obtained with the HM and natural grass pollen extract measured by means of ELISA (r = 0.98, P < .0001) and by means of ImmunoCAP (r = 0.98, P < .0001). Conclusions: The recombinant HM permitted accurate and specific in vivo diagnosis of grass pollen allergy in all tested patients. It can be considered a well-defined tool for the diagnosis and perhaps for immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy. Clinical implications: A recombinant HM can replace traditional allergen extracts for skin test-based diagnosis of grass pollen allergy. © 2007 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Sublingual immunotherapy by means of disposable single-dose containers: Tolerability and acceptance in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is appropriate for home treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic bronchial asthma. This study investigated patient acceptance and tolerability of a new SLIT treatment. Methods Data base: This observational cohort study included 177 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or allergic bronchial asthma. Patients self-administered SLIT drops during an initial updosing and treatment phase, and an optional maintenance treatment phase. Patient acceptance and tolerability of SLIT were recorded through physician assessment and patients' diaries after each phase. Data are presented using summary statistics. Statistical estimates (χ2 and U test) examined differences between age groups (≤ 14 and ≥ 15 years). Results: 90.2% of patients completed the initial updosing and treatment phase
Immunoglobulin E and G antibody profiles to grass pollen allergens during a short course of sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Various studies have shown the clinical efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. However, even short-term treatment with grass extracts might cause sensitizations to formerly unrecognized antigens. Objective: To determine whether the antibody profiles are changing in patients receiving a defined grass pollen extract prior to and during the grass pollen season. Methods: A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter phase II/III trial was started prior to the commencement of the grass pollen season. Patients with grass pollen allergy were randomly allocated to four groups, and received daily a standardized tablet at different doses. Treatment was started 8 weeks prior to the beginning of the pollen season and stopped at the end of the season. Blood samples were taken at the beginning of the study, at the beginning and the end of the pollen season, and one year after commencement of the study. Results: At the beginning of the study, all patients tested positive for the major grass pollen allergens, but negative to the minor antigens. In all patients, the degree of antibody reactivity rose considerably after starting active treatment and fell back to the initial values within one year. Immunoglobulin (Ig) E antibodies to the minor antigens remained negative, independent of treatment and seasonal exposure. In contrast to IgE, specific IgG antibodies to all allergens tested revealed no specific trend. Conclusions: Immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets was accompanied by an increase in grass-specific IgE antibodies, which further increased during pollen exposure, followed by a post-treatment drop in patient- and disease-specific antibodies. During this short course of treatment, no patient developed any additional sensitizations. © 2007 Esmon Publicidad.
Sublingual specific immunotherapy: State of the art; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was first attempted more than a century ago. After a long parenthesis probably related to the lack of impressive clinical results, the advances on allergen quantification and characterization, together with the improvements in the recombination techniques have renewed the interest in this therapy during the past decade. There are currently enough high quality clinical trials on its efficacy in the management of respiratory allergies (asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis) to conclude that SLIT could be an effective tool for the management of those diseases. This effectiveness has been shown both in children and in adults. However, while there are some clues related to the mechanism of action of SLIT, there is still much to know about it. In addition, more studies comparing the effectiveness of SLIT vs the standard subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) are needed to definitely establish the role of SLIT in the treatment of allergic diseases. SLIT has proven a very safe therapy as compared to SCIT, a fact which adds a very important advantage to the sublingual route. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
New reagents on the horizon for immune tolerance; Recent advances in immunology and a growing arsenal of new drugs are bringing the focus of tolerance research from animal models into the clinical setting. The conceptual framework for therapeutic tolerance induction has shifted from a "sledgehammer" approach that relies solely on cellular depletion and cytokine targeting, to a strategy directed toward restoring a functional balance across the immune system, namely the different populations of naive cells, effector and memory cells, and regulatory cells. Unlocking the key to tolerance induction in the future will likely depend on our ability to harness the functions of T regulatory cells. Also, dendritic cells are strategically positioned at the interface between innate and adaptive immunity and may be subject to deliberate medical intervention in a way that can control a chronic inflammatory response. Many reagents with tolerance-inducing potential are currently undergoing clinical testing in transplantation, autoimmune diseases, and allergic diseases, and even more that are on the horizon promise to offer enormous benefits to human health. Copyright © 2007 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Cost-effectiveness of grass allergen tablet (GRAZAX®) for the prevention of seasonal grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis - A Northern European perspective; Background: The prevalence of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis has increased dramatically. Seventeen million people in the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland suffer from grass pollen induced allergic rhinitis. Symptomatic therapy with antihistamines and topical steroids is partially effective but allergen-specific immunotherapy by injection or sublingual routes is superior. The grass allergen tablet (GRAZAX®) is a new allergen-specific immunotherapy for home administration. Objective: To assess the cost-effectiveness of the grass allergen tablet compared with symptomatic medication in seven Northern European countries. Methods: A prospective pharmacoeconomic analysis was carried out alongside a multinational clinical trial. Pooled data on resource use and health outcomes were collected. A societal perspective was adopted, and the analysis had a 9-year time horizon. The outcome measure was Quality Adjusted Life Years (QALYs). Results: The grass allergen tablet was clinically superior to symptomatic treatment, producing statistically significant differences for all efficacy end-points, including the number of QALYs gained - 0.976 vs. 0.947 QALYs gained. There was a significantly higher usage of the rescue medications loratadine and budesonide, and more hours missed from work (production loss), in the symptomatic treatment group. The cost per QALY gained in the grass allergen tablet group was similar in the seven countries (€12 930 to €18 263 for an annual cost of the grass allergen tablet of €1500). The analysis showed that the grass allergen tablet was cost-effective for all countries for an annual treatment cost below €2200. Conclusion: The pharmacoeconomic analysis illustrated that allergen-specific immunotherapy with the grass allergen tablet is a cost-effective intervention for the prevention of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis in Northern European countries, for a tablet price below €6. In Germany for example the price of the tablet is €2.95 corresponding to a yearly treatment cost of €358 - based on a 9-year time horizon. © 2007 The Authors.
Duration of allergen immunotherapy in respiratory allergy: When is enough, enough?; Objectives: To investigate the duration of effective inhalant subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) reported in the published literature and to determine if any specific biomarkers or clinical predictors exist that may identify patients who will remain in long-term remission after discontinuing treatment. Data Sources: Articles were selected from a search of the PubMed database from 1976 to 2006 using the search terms immunotherapy and allergen immunotherapy in combination with venom, allergic rhinitis, asthma, mechanism, efficacy, and duration, as well as articles known to the authors and referenced in review articles. Study Selection: Articles were selected if evaluation of efficacy of the primary allergic disease treated after discontinuation of SCIT was stated as one of the objectives of the study. Results: The rate of relapse after discontinuing SCIT ranges from 0% to 55% of patients in the studies reviewed in this article. The length of the specific allergen immunotherapy and allergen type (ie, perennial vs seasonal) may be variables that affect the duration of clinical remission after cessation of SCIT. One study found the duration of SCIT efficacy after discontinuation depended on duration of treatment and correlated with decrease in skin test reactivity. Conclusion: Until specific tests or clinical markers are identified that will clearly distinguish between patients who will relapse from those who will remain in long-term clinical remission after discontinuing effective allergen immunotherapy, the decision to continue or stop immunotherapy must be individualized.
Pharmacoeconomic assessment of specific immunotherapy versus current symptomatic treatment for allergic rhinitis and asthma in France; Objectives: The therapeutic benefit of specific immunotherapy (SIT) in allergic rhinitis and asthma has been endorsed by expert consensus. This study compared the cost/efficacy (C/E) of SIT with current symptomatic treatments (CST) for allergic rhinitis and asthma. Methods: A C/E analysis was performed using a decision tree model. The decision tree and medical and economic hypotheses were defined by a panel of experts. The perspective adopted was that of the French Social Security. The costs and efficacy of SIT and CST were compared for dust-mite and pollen allergies, in adults and children. Direct medical costs included diagnosis and follow-up, consultations, CST and SIT. End-point economic criteria were cost per stabilised patient and cost per asthma case avoided. A sensitivity analysis was performed for each model. Results: In adults, the incremental costs per asthma case avoided with injectable SIT were 393 € and 1327 € for dust-mite and pollen allergy, respectively, over a 6-year period. For sublingual SIT, the costs per asthma case avoided were 3158 € and 1708 €, respectively. In children, over a 7-year period, the incremental costs per asthma case avoided with injectable SIT were 583 € and 597 € for dust-mite and pollen allergy, respectively. For sublingual SIT the incremental costs were 3938 € and 824 €. Conclusion: Compared to CST, SIT is a cost-effective treatment in pollen and dust-mite-induced allergic rhinitis and asthma. Sublingual SIT is an attractive option in pollen-induced rhinitis, particularly in children. SIT appears to be an economically relevant strategy compared to CST.
Grass pollen immunotherapy induces an allergen-specific IgA2 antibody response associated with mucosal TGF-β expression; Allergen immunotherapy (IT) has long-term efficacy in IgE-mediaied allergic rhinitis and asthma. IT has been shown to modify lymphocyte responses to allergen, inducing IL-10 production and IgG Abs. In contrast, a putative role for IgA and local TGF-β-producing cells remains to be determined. In 44 patients with seasonal rhinitis/asthma, serum IgA1, IgA2, and polymeric (J chain-containing) Abs to the major allergen Phl p 5 were determined by ELISA before and after a 2-year double-blind trial of grass pollen (Phleum pratense) injection IT. Nasal TGF-β expression was assessed by in situ hybridization. Sera from live IT patients were fractionated for functional analysis of the effects of IgA and IgG Abs on IL-10 production by blood monocytes and allergen-IgE binding to B cells. Serum Phl p 5-specific IgA2 Abs increased after a 2-year treatment (∼8-fold increase, p = 0.002) in contrast to IgA1. Increases in polymeric Abs to Phl p 5 (∼2-fold increase, p = 0.02) and in nasal TGF-β mRNA (p = 0.05) were also observed, and TGF-β mRNA correlated with serum Phl p 5 IgA2 (r = 0.61, p = 0.009). Post-IT IgA fractions triggered IL-10 secretion by monocytes while not inhibiting allergen-IgE binding to B cells as observed with IgG fractions. This study shows for the first time that the IgA response to IT is selective for IgA2, correlates with increased local TGF-β expression, and induces monocyte IL-10 expression, suggesting that IgA Abs could thereby contribute to the tolerance developed in IT-treated allergic patients. Copyright © 2007 by The American Association of Immunologists, Inc.
Sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen is not effective in symptomatic youngsters in primary care; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is considered safer and more convenient than subcutaneous therapy and therefore has been proposed as especially suitable for children and in primary care. Most efficacy studies in children lack power to be conclusive, and all have been performed in referral centers. Objective: To investigate the efficacy of SLIT with grass pollen allergen in children and adolescents with rhinoconjunctivitis in a primary care setting. Methods: Youngsters aged 6-18 years with hay fever were enrolled from general practices and randomly assigned to receive placebo or grass pollen mix for 2 years. The primary outcome was the mean daily total symptom score (scale 0-15) comprising sneezing, itching nose, watery running nose, nasal blockage, and itching eyes during the months May-August of the second treatment year. Results: Out of 204 youngsters randomized, 168 entered the intention-to-treat analysis (91 verum, 77 placebo). The mean daily total symptom score did not differ between participants allocated to verum and those allocated to placebo (difference for verum minus placebo: -0.08, 95%CI, -0.66-0.50
Mechanisms of allergen-specific immunotherapy; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) has been used for almost a century as a desensitizing therapy for allergic diseases and represents the only curative and specific method of treatment. Administration of appropriate concentrations of allergen extracts has been shown to be reproducibly effective when patients are carefully selected. The mechanisms by which allergen-SIT has its effects include the modulation of T-cell and B-cell responses and related antibody isotypes as well as effector cells of allergic inflammation, such as eosinophils, basophils, and mast cells. The balance between allergen-specific T-regulatory (Treg) and TH2 cells appears to be decisive in the development of allergic and healthy immune responses against allergens. Treg cells consistently represent the dominant subset specific for common environmental allergens in sensitized healthy individuals. In contrast, there is a high frequency of allergen-specific TH2 cells in patients with allergy. The induction of a tolerant state in peripheral T cells represents an essential step in allergen-SIT. Peripheral T-cell tolerance is characterized mainly by generation of allergen-specific Treg cells leading to suppressed T-cell proliferation and TH1 and TH2 cytokine responses against the allergen. This is accompanied by a significant increase in allergen-specific IgG4, and also IgG1 and IgA, and a decrease in IgE in the late stage of the disease. In addition, decreased tissue infiltration of mast cells and eosinophils and their mediator release including circulating basophils takes place. Current understanding of mechanisms of allergen-SIT, particularly the role of Treg cells in peripheral tolerance, may enable novel treatment strategies. © 2007 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Recombinant allergens for immunotherapy; Recombinant allergens can be produced as defined molecules in consistent quality and unlimited amounts according to the corresponding DNA template. Furthermore, they can be modified to reduce their allergenic activity and to foster certain advantageous immunologic properties. Recombinant allergens equaling the natural allergens are available for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes, and modified versions have been developed with the aim to to reduce IgE-mediated side effects during immunotherapy. First injection immunotherapy trials conducted with recombinant vaccines for birch pollen and grass pollen allergy show that recombinant allergen-based immunotherapy has vaccination characteristics and is clinically effective. The obtained results hold promise that recombinant allergen-based immunotherapy will improve current immunotherapy practice and may open possibilities for new treatment strategies and possibly even for prophylactic vaccination. © 2007 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Sublingual immunotherapy in sensitized mice; Background: Many studies have demonstrated immunologic changes induced by sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), but the definitive mechanism of action needs further investigation. Objective: To study the immunologic response induced by SLIT in sensitized mice. Methods: Timothy grass (Phleum pratense)-sensitized mice received SLIT for 2, 4, or 6 weeks at 3 different concentrations, including a buffer control. Serum samples and washes of the lungs (bronchoalveolar lavage [BAL]) and the nasal passages (nasal lavage [NAL]) were analyzed for allergen-specific antibodies. T cells were isolated from the spleen and cervical lymph nodes for the analysis of proliferation and cytokine production. Results: Sublingual immunotherapy in sensitized mice resulted in a 30-fold increase in antigen specific IgA levels in BAL and NAL fluid compared with buffer-treated mice, whereas antigen specific IgE was undetectable in BAL and NAL fluid in animals treated with SLIT. Furthermore, IgA levels were proportional to the dose and duration of SLIT. Levels of specific IgA in serum correlated with levels in BAL and NAL fluid. Serum IgA levels were proportional to the duration of allergen exposure to the oral mucosa. Conversely, no changes in serum levels of IgE and IgG were induced by SLIT. Proliferation of T cells was increased in mice treated with SLIT compared with nontreated mice. Conclusion: High levels of IgA in serum and in BAL and NAL fluid of mice treated with SLIT demonstrate that SLIT induces a mucosal, nonallergic response in sensitized mice.
Specific immunotherapy in pollen allergy; Pollen allergy affects at least 10% of the global population, and up to one-third of the affected individuals displaying hay fever symptoms will later develop allergic asthma. The efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) in seasonal allergic rhinitis has been confirmed in many clinical studies using grass, ragweed, and birch pollen extracts. SIT prevents the onset of new sensitizations to different allergens, and reduces the development of asthma in patients with allergic rhinitis caused by inhaled allergens, including pollen. Several rational approaches are being developed to improve the efficacy of SIT by reducing immunoglobulin (Ig)E-mediated adverse reactions. The use of chemically modified, recombinant or genetically engineered allergens is being explored, in addition to the investigation of novel adjuvants and alternative routes of administration. The first clinical trials using recombinant allergens provided encouraging results, suggesting that allergen extracts can be successfully substituted by molecule-based formulations. These new formulations, for use in the routine management of pollen allergies, should become available in the near future. © The Thomson Corporation.
Comparison of efficacy, safety and immunologic effects of subcutaneous and sublingual immunotherapy in birch pollinosis: A randomized study; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is currently considered a valid option to subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), but only a few studies made a direct comparison of their effectiveness. The aim of this study was to compare the clinical and immunological effects of SCIT and SLIT in pollinosis induced by Betulaceae. Forty-seven adult patients were randomized to receive SCIT or SLIT, performed by Betulaceae (alder, birch, and hazel) extracts from Stallergénes (Antony, France) standardized in index of reactivity (IR) with the treatment schedules proposed by the producer. The clinical effects were established by symptom-medication scores recorded during the month of March. Side effects were reported directly by the physicians for SCIT and were registered in diary cards by the patients for SLIT. Immunologic evaluation was done by measuring specific IgE and IgG4 to Bet v 1. Thirty-four patients (19 for SCIT and 15 for SLIT) completed the registration of symptoms and drug consumption during pollen period of Betulaceae. Mean cumulative doses of respectively 50.65 IR by SCIT and 4653.1 IR by SLIT were administered, with a SLIT/SCIT ratio of 92. There was no significant difference in mean symptom-medication score between SCIT and SLIT. Systemic reactions occurred in 16% of SCIT treated but in none of SLIT treated. As to immunologic evaluation, Bet v 1 specific IgE did not rise after the pollen season in SCIT treated, while increased non significantly in SLIT treated. Bet v 1 specific IgG4 increased in both treatment, buy only the increase with SCIT was significant (p = 0.001). SLIT and SCIT with a ratio of about 100 are equally effective in controlling rhinoconjunctivitis caused by tree pollen allergy. SLIT is safer than SCIT, but does not show the same immunologic effects on serum specific IgE and IgG4 antibodies.
Additional benefit of a third year of specific grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Aluminium-adsorbed six grass pollen allergoid therapy for 2 years was found to be efficacious and safe in patients with hay fever and seasonal asthma. Using high-dose, hypoallergenic allergen products (allergoids) enables a short-term pre-seasonal treatment regimen. However, it is not known whether further treatment beyond 2 yrs had any additional benefit. Following an initial 2-year randomized, double-blind, multi-centre, placebo-controlled clinical trial in 154 grass pollen-allergic patients, an additional short course of specific immunotherapy with the high-dose, hypoallergenic grass pollen preparation Allergovit® was performed in 61 patients of the active treatment group during the 3rd open-label treatment year. Further treatment of patients with the Allergovit® 6-grass pollen preparation resulted in a further reduction of symptom medication score and improved quality of life in comparison to the first and second treatment year. Changes in allergen-specific IgG4 levels supported these results. Pre-seasonal short-term immunotherapy with the high-dose, hypoallergenic allergen preparation Allergovit® has been shown to be efficacious and safe. A course of three years of 6-grass pollen SIT further improves allergic symptoms, quality of life and reduces the need for anti-allergic medication.
Once-daily sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy improves quality of life in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis: A double-blind, randomised study; The effect of sublingual immunotherapy on quality of life (QoL) was examined in patients with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. Patients (n = 855) were randomised to once-daily grass allergen tablets (2,500
Generation of a low Immunoglobulin E-binding mutant of the timothy grass pollen major allergen Phl p 5a; Background: Immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy is currently based on the administration of pollen extracts containing natural allergens. Specifically designed recombinant allergens with reduced IgE reactivity could be used in safer and more efficacious future therapy concepts. Objectives: This study aimed to generate hypoallergenic variants of the timothy grass major allergen Phl p 5a as candidates for allergen-specific immunotherapy. Methods: Three deletion mutants were produced in Escherichia coli and subsequently purified. The overall IgE-binding capacity of the mutants was compared with the recombinant wild-type allergen by membrane blot and IgE-inhibition assays. The capacity for effector cell activation was determined in basophil activation assays. T cell proliferation assays with allergen-specific T cell lines were performed to confirm the retention of T cell reactivity. Structural properties were characterized by circular dichroism analysis and homogeneity by native isoelectric focusing. The deletion sites were mapped on homology models comprising the N- and C-terminal halves of Phl p 5a, respectively. Results: The double-deletion mutant rPhl p 5a Δ(94-113, 175-198) showed strongly diminished IgE binding in membrane blot and IgE-inhibition assays. Both deletions affect predominantly α-helical regions located in the N- and C-terminal halves of Phl p 5a, respectively. Whereas deletion of Δ175-198 alone was sufficient to cause a large reduction of the IgE reactivity in a subgroup of allergic sera, only the combination of both deletions was highly effective for all the sera tested. rPhl p 5a Δ(94-113, 175-198) consistently showed at least an 11.5-fold reduced capacity to activate basophils compared with the recombinant wild-type molecule, and the T cell proliferation assays demonstrated retention of T cell reactivity. Conclusion: The mutant rPhl p 5a Δ(94-113, 175-198) fulfils the basic requirements for a hypoallergenic molecule suitable for a future immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy
Effects of sublingual immunotherapy for multiple or single allergens in polysensitized patients; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has proven efficacy in treating respiratory allergy. Objective: To compare the clinical and functional effects and the effect on nasal eosinophils of SLIT with either single or combination allergens. Methods: We performed an open-labeled, controlled, 4 parallel-group randomized study with 58 patients sensitized to birch and grasses only who had rhinitis and bronchial hyperreactivity in both pollen seasons. Patients were recruited for the study from January 1, 1999, to June 30, 2001. The patients received SLIT for birch, SLIT for grass, SLIT for birch and grass, or drugs only. Symptom and medication scores, forced expiratory volume in 1 second, bronchial hyperreactivity, and nasal eosinophil counts were evaluated in both pollen seasons at baseline and after 2 and 4 years. Results: Ten patients dropped out and 48 completed the study. No change in all the considered parameters vs baseline was seen in patients treated with drugs only. Those patients receiving SLIT for grass or birch had a significant clinical improvement and nasal eosinophil reduction vs baseline and vs patients who did not receive SLIT in the target season (P < .01) but also in the unrelated pollen season (P < .05). The patients receiving SLIT for grass and birch improved as well, and their improvement in clinical symptoms and inflammation was significantly greater than in patients treated with SLIT for the single allergens. Minor changes were seen in the forced expiratory volume in 1 second, since it remained within the reference range in the whole population. Conclusion: In patients sensitized to grass and birch, SLIT with the 2 allergens provided the best clinical results. Nevertheless, SLIT with birch only or grass only also provided a measurable improvement in the grass season and birch season, respectively.
Efficacy of pollen immunotherapy in seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: The efficacy of subcutaneous pollen immunotherapy has been documented in published double-blind, placebo-controlled studies related to treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis. In the present study, subjective (symptom scores) and objective (nasal peak inspiratory flow, nasal smear, nasal biopsy) parameters were used to study the efficacy of pollen immunotherapy. Methods: Forty-eight patients (32 male), mean ± SE age 13.6 ± 2.8 years allergic to grass-pollen participated in the present study. Patients were divided into three groups: group I, 24 patients who did not receive pollen immunotherapy
Indoor allergens: Relevance of major allergen measurements and standardization; Major allergen measurements have relevance for the standardization of allergen extracts for immunotherapy and for epidemiologic studies into the cause of allergic diseases. Standardization is still centered around overall IgE-binding potencies (biological standardization). Major allergen levels show significant correlation with IgE-binding potencies, but ratios of the two can differ 5- to 10-fold between individual extracts. Major allergen quantities needed for effective and safe subcutaneous immunotherapy are proposed to be between 5 and 20 μg per maintenance shot. Although this figure is not really based on dose-finding studies, it has reached the status of a guiding principle. It is necessary to add major allergen measurements to standardization requirements to design adequate dosage schemes and elucidate the dose-response relation between major allergen dose and therapeutic effect. This will also help clarify to what extent sublingual immunotherapy requires higher doses of major allergen. Fine specificity of different assays toward isoforms and other variants of single allergens often results in diverging allergen measurements. Standardization should be based on certified major allergen references and accompanying assays that are cross-reactive enough to recognize all variants to facilitate comparability. This will also ensure that primary and secondary prevention strategies aiming at regulating allergen exposure will stay on solid ground. © 2007 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
Evaluation of visual analog scales for the assessment of symptom severity in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: The severity of rhinoconjunctivitis is typically monitored by means of nasal provocation tests (NPTs), where the nasally applied allergens trigger symptoms that are recorded using a scoring system. However, NPTs are time-consuming and stressful for patients
Quantitative assessment of the compliance with once-daily sublingual immunotherapy in children (EASY Project: Evaluation of A novel SLIT formulation during a Year); Compliance is a major determinant for allergy treatment, especially in children. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is self-managed at home, and no quantitative data on pediatric adherence are available. We studied the compliance in a large real-life setting. A simplified schedule of SLIT was used, consisting of a 10-day updosing phase followed by maintenance treatment in monodose containers to be taken daily (SLITOne®). Italian specialists throughout Italy assessed the compliance in children who were newly prescribed SLIT according to guidelines. Parents were contacted with unscheduled telephone interviews at the third and sixth month of therapy and asked to count at that moment the remaining vials. Data from 71 children (38 boys, age range 2-13 yr) were enclosed in the database. Thirty had rhinoconjunctivitis, four asthma and 37 rhinoconjunctivitis + asthma. SLIT was prescribed for: mites in 57 (81%) subjects, grasses in 11 (15%) and 3 (4%) grass + olive mixture. Compliance data were available for all children at 3 months, and for 56 at 6 months. At 3 months, 85% of subjects had a compliance rate >75% (69% of them adhered >90%). At 6 months, 84% had a compliance rate >75% (66% of them adhered >90%). In four cases SLIT was discontinued for economical reasons, and in one case (1.4%) for side effects probably related to therapy. These data obtained in a quite large sample of children and in real-life confirm that the compliance with SLITOne® is good, despite the therapy managed at home. © 2007 The Authors.
A group-1 grass pollen allergen influences the outcome of pollen competition in Maize; Worldwide, 400 million people suffer from hay fever and seasonal asthma. The major causative agents of these allergies are pollen specific proteins called the group-1 grass pollen allergens. Although details of their antigenicity have been studied for 40 years with an eye towards immunotherapy, their function in the plant has drawn scant attention. Zea m 1 constitutes a class of abundant grass pollen allergens coded for by several genes that loosen the walls of grass cells, including the maize stigma and style. We have examined the impact of a transposon insertion into one of these genes (EXPB1, the most abundant isoform of Zea m 1) on the production of Zea m 1 protein, pollen viability, and pollen tube growth, both in vitro and in vivo. We also examined the effect of the insertional mutation on the competitive ability of the pollen by experimentally varying the sizes of the pollen load deposited onto stigmas using pollen from heterozygous plants and then screening the progeny for the presence of the transposon using PCR. We found that the insertional mutation reduced the levels of Zea m 1 in maize pollen, but had no effect on pollen viability, in vitro pollen tube growth or the proportion of progeny sired when small pollen loads are deposited onto stigmas. However, when large pollen loads are deposited onto the stigmas, the transposon mutation is vastly underrepresented in the progeny, indicating that this major pollen allergen has a large effect on pollen tube growth rates in vivo, and plays an important role in determining the outcome of the pollen-pollen competition for access to the ovules. We propose that the extraordinary abundance (4% of the extractable protein in maize pollen) of this major pollen allergen is the result of selection for a trait that functions primarily in providing differential access to ovules. © 2007 Valdivia et al.
Grass pollen extracts are suitable for the hyposensitization of rye (Secale cereale) pollen allergic patients; In Germany, specific immunotherapy of patients with allergy against rye pollens (Se cale cereale) is frequently done with different grass pollen extracts. We reassess the practice of applying rye allergens as single extract or in an individual allergen mixture in the context of the availability of a 5-grass tablet vaccine as speciality based on Anthoxanthum odoratum, Dactylis glomerata, Lolium pe renne, Poa pratensis, Phleum pratense. Phylogenetically, Secale cereale shows a strong similarity to the most frequent grasses in Northern and Middle Europe. This similarity applies also to the allergen profile. In 3 studies with 256 grass pollen-allergic patients, the sensitization against rye as well as against other in Northern or Middle Europe frequently found grasses could be shown in all patients. Using sera from 15 grass pollen-allergic patients, it could be shown by immunoblot and ELISA inhibition studies that a 5-grass extract inhibits > 90% of IgE binding to rye allergens. The high cross-immunogenicity between Secale cereale and common grasses is reflected in medical practice in many European countries. Patients with rye allergy are treated with grass pollen extracts. According to the high cross-reactivity between grasses and rye-specific immunotherapy of rye allergy seems to be feasible also with a grass pollen extract. Related to existing data this is independent whether the therapeutic extract includes a single grass, a mixture of 5 grasses or other mixtures. © 2007 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Antigens drive memory IgE responses in human allergy via the nasal mucosa; Background: Natural allergen contact induces an increase of IgE levels and sensitivity but the mechanisms underlying the allergen-specific memory responses are poorly understood. Furthermore, it has not been studied whether allergen exposure affects the molecular reactivity profiles in patients. The aim of this study was to analyze the influence of nasal allergen encounter on the molecular profile and magnitude of memory IgE responses and on systemic sensitivity. Methods: We investigated allergen-specific IgE, IgG subclass and IgM responses to defined allergen molecules (grass pollen: Phl p 1, Phl p 2 and Phl p 5
Sublingual immunotherapy. A survey on the basis of controlled studies on efficacy, tolerability, long-term effects and prevention in children and adults with ALK-Scherax preparations; Background: There are numerous studies on efficacy and tolerability of sublingual therapy. They show, however, very heterogeneous results concerning efficacy and tolerability. So far, no evaluation of the studies with regard to the allergen preparations has been published. But regarding the fact that the preparations vary in manufacturing and allergen standardization, and therefore in their therapeutic power, this seems to be necessary. The new S2-Guideline released by leading German allergy associations also draws attention to this fact. This review is supposed to accomplish the requirement for a manufacturer-specific analysis. Methods: We present a summary of the results of 15 double-blind, placebo-controlled studies, in which the efficacy of ALK-Scherax' SLIT preparations standardized by major allergens was evaluated in children and adolescents (7 studies, n = 363) and in adults (8 studies, n = 704). Furthermore we have consulted a recent meta-analysis in which predominantly the efficacy of ALK's SLIT products was evaluated in children and adolescents. We also refer to studies of these products concerning tolerability (3 studies, n = 748), long-term outcome and preventive effects in children. Results: It has been shown that the sublingual therapy with preparations standardized by major allergens which are produced by ALK-Scherax is effective (mainly concerning symptom and medication scores) and secure in the treatment of respiratory allergies resulting from different sensitizations (house dust mite, pollen of grass, tree, Parietaria). In most of the cases adverse events were mild and local. No anaphylactic observations were made. A long-term effect of up to 5 years after discontinuation of the drug and a preventive effect on asthma development was also shown. Conclusion: Our review meets the fact that allergen preparations which are produced by different manufacturers and differ in manufacturing methods and allergen standardization cannot be compared with regard to efficacy and tolerability. At the moment a statement concerning efficacy of SLIT can therefore only be made for each individual product. For the SLIT products manufactured by ALK the results from controlled studies regarding efficacy and tolerability in children and adults are positive. Furthermore, a long-term effect and a recuced risk of asthma could only be shown for these preparations. © 2007 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistie.
The IgE-facilitated allergen binding (FAB) assay: Validation of a novel flow-cytometric based method for the detection of inhibitory antibody responses; The IgE-facilitated allergen binding (IgE-FAB) assay represents an in vitro model of facilitated allergen presentation. Allergen-IgE complexes are incubated with an EBV-transformed B cell line and complexes bound to CD23 on the surface of cells are detected by flow cytometry. The addition of serum from patients who have received allergen-specific immunotherapy has been shown previously to inhibit allergen-IgE complex binding to CD23 on B cells. In this study, we describe the characterisation and analytical validation of the grass pollen-specific IgE-FAB assay according to guidelines from the International Conference on Harmonisation. We established the intra- and inter-assay variability of IgE-FAB and have defined the detection limits of this assay. We have also demonstrated assay linearity and robustness. Using the results from a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial of grass pollen immunotherapy (n = 33), we have defined the clinical sensitivity and specificity of the IgE-FAB assay using ROC curve analysis. In conclusion, the IgE-FAB assay is reproducible, robust, sensitive and a specific method suitable as a tool for monitoring inhibitory antibody function from patients receiving allergen immunotherapy. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Do skin prick and conjunctival provocation tests predict symptom severity in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis?; Background: In the investigation of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (SAR), quantitative skin and conjunctival allergen challenge tests are used to measure individual allergen sensitivity. These tests are reproducible and relate well to prevalence but their relationship to symptom severity is less well established. Objective: We wished to determine if quantitative skin prick tests (QSPT) and conjunctival provocation tests (CPTs) using a single grass pollen allergen extract are reproducible and predict symptom severity in SAR. Methods: We retrospectively analysed data from 91 participants in a previously published randomized placebo controlled study of low dosage allergen immunotherapy who were randomized to receive placebo treatment. We examined the relationship between pre-seasonal QSPT, CPT and SAR symptoms. Results: We found a high level of reproducibility when repeated measures were compared for both the QSPT (P<0.001) and the CPT (P<0.001) and moderate correlation (0.49) between the standard skin prick test (SPT) and the QSPT (P<0.001). We found weak negative correlation (-0.27) between the QSPT and the CPT (P<0.001). We found no correlation between seasonal symptom, use of rescue medication or quality of life (QOL) scores and pre-seasonal QSPT or CPT. Conclusion: In the assessment of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis, quantitative skin and conjunctival allergen challenge tests are strongly reproducible, although there is no correlation between these tests and seasonal symptom, use of rescue medication or QOL scores. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Specific immunotherapy with high dose SQ standardized grass allergen tablets was safe and well tolerated; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets may be the future treatment for grass pollen allergy because it reduces symptoms and medication use, improves quality of life and is easy to use. Rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma co-exist and we aimed to find a safe dose range of a self-administered grass allergen tablet (ALK Abello A/S) in patients suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma. Methods: Four doses were investigated in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose escalation trial. Outside the pollen season 4 groups of 12 patients commenced treatment in a staggered manner, at intervals of 1 week. For 28 days doses of 75 000 (approximately 15μg Phleum pratense protein 5), 150 000, 300 000, 500 000 standardised quality tablet (SQ-T) units or placebo were given once daily as sublingual tablets. Results: Fourty three patients were randomised to receive either active treatment or placebo (3:1). Each dose group consisted of 12 patients except the 500 000 SQ-T group (5 active, 2 placebo). No asthma exacerbations were seen and no serious or severe adverse events were reported. The majority of adverse events were local reactions. The number of adverse events was dose related. No patients withdrew from the study. Conclusions: Treatment with grass allergen tablets in doses up to 500 000 SQ-T in patients with asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis was safe and well tolerated. © 2006 Esmon Publicidad.
A double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial with short-term β-glucuronidase therapy in children with chronic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma due to dust mite allergy; Background: Enzyme potentiated desensitization, in which β-glucuronidase (BG) is administered with low doses of mixed allergens, was proposed in the 1970s for specific immunotherapy. The BG currently commercially available in a purified and standardized preparation devoid of any allergen has been suggested as a regulator in the allergic immune response, acting on the cytokine-network of type 2 helper T cells. A double-blind trial with a single-dose of BG proved effective in preventing symptoms in adult patients with rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollens. Objective: The aim of this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial was to confirm the safety and effectiveness of double-dose intradermal BG immunotherapy in preventing symptoms in children suffering from chronic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma due to dust mite. Method: We randomized 125 children with dust-mite related chronic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma to the BG treated group (67) or the placebo group (58). All patients were screened before treatment (T0), at BG or placebo administration (T1 and T3), and at 3 and 9 months after T1 (T2 and T4). Drug intake and bronchial, nasal and ocular symptoms were recorded in a diary. Results: Patients in both groups completed the study and BG treatment was well tolerated without side effects. Significant differences in symptoms were observed, in particular for conjunctivitis (P=.008). The total drug intake for allergic symptoms was significantly lower in the treated group than in the placebo group (P<.01). Conclusions: BG immunotherapy is efficacious, safe, and well tolerated in allergic children. Moreover, good compliance with the administration of 2 doses per year and the lack of significant side effects makes the benefit/risk ratio of this treatment particularly favorable. © 2006 Esmon Publicidad.
Efficacy and tolerability of high dose sublingual immunotherapy in patients with rhinoconjunctivitis; In a multi-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial over 3 years high dose sublingual specific immunotherapy with an extract of a 6-grass-pollen mixture showed a highly significant and clinically relevant improvement in patients with grass pollen rhinitis/-conjunctivitis with or without asthma and an increase in allergen specific antibodies (IgG1, IgG4) indicating immunological efficacy. A difference of 46% in mean symptom medication score between active and placebo group was seen. The treatment with the sublingual solution was well tolerated. High dose sublingual immunotherapy can therefore be considered as an efficient therapeutic option in the management of IgE-mediated allergic airway diseases.
Effect of allergen-specific immunotherapy on platelet secretory activity in patients with grass-pollen allergy; Platelet may become activated following antigen challenge to participate then actively in the immune-inflammatory response. Moreover, some evidence proves that specific immunotherapy induces changes in the platelet function. The objective of this study was to determine circulating platelet activity during the early phase of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) in patients with grass pollen-sensitive allergic rhinitis. Twelve grass-pollen allergic patients (seven men and five women) with intermittent allergic rhinitis were treated with specific subcutaneous allergoid preparation. SIT was received by six weekly injections, the vaccine dose increasing until the maintenance level was reached. Blood was sampled at four different time points: before and directly before SIT, 30 min and 24 h after the maximum dose injection of the vaccine. Plasma level of beta-thromboglobulin (beta-TG), marker of platelet activation in vivo was measured using ELISA method. Baseline beta-TG level did not differ significantly among the patients and healthy subjects. Moreover, no significant differences were observed in the degree of platelet activity between the different times of this study in the patients group. We failed to detect any significant changes in circulating platelet activity, the measure of plasma level of beta-TG, in patients with grass-pollen induced intermittent rhinitis during the course of the dose increase phase of grass pollen SIT. In particular, it seems that both early (after 30 min) and late (after 24 h) changes in plasma level of this marker do not occur following the maximum dose administration of the allergen vaccine during the early SIT phase. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Safety and tolerability of grass pollen tablets in sublingual immunotherapy - A phase-1 study; Background: A single-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Aims: To compare the safety and tolerability of four different sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) regimes in grass pollen allergic rhinitis. Methods: Thirty subjects sensitized to grass pollen were enrolled and allocated to four groups. Sublingual immunotherapy was administered in tablets daily for 10 days. Groups 1 and 2 received incremental sublingual doses of 100, 200, 300, 400 and 500 IR, Group 1 daily and Group 2 increments every second day. Repeated constant dose regimens of 300 IR and 500 IR were administered in Groups 3 and 4 respectively. Safety assessments included adverse events (AE), vital signs, electrocardiogram (ECG) and clinical laboratory tests. Results: Sublingual immunotherapy 300 IR (Group 3) administered in a constant dose and incremental doses up to 500 IR (Groups 1 and 2) were generally well tolerated. The majority of AEs were mild to moderate, the most common being oral pruritus, throat irritation and swollen tongue. Severe local AEs (swelling of throat) were observed only for Group 4. No serious systemic AEs were reported. There were no relevant changes in clinical laboratory, vital signs and ECG data. Conclusion: Adverse events were mostly local (sublingual), were not severe and resolved rapidly. Using a 5-day induction regimen high-dose treatment up to 500 IR could be administered without important side-effects, in contrast to initiating with a constant dose of 500 IR. The data indicate that a short dose increase phase may reduce the incidence of AEs when high-dose SLIT is administered. © 2006 The Authors.
Pollinex® Quattro: A novel and well-tolerated, ultra short-course allergy vaccine; Pollinex® Quattro is a novel, ultra short-course vaccine for treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis from grass, tree or ragweed pollen allergy. Its unique formulation combines chemically modified allergens adsorbed onto a L-tyrosine depot to enhance tolerability with the novel adjuvant, monophosphoryl lipid A, to improve efficacy. Controlled clinical studies indicate that four preseasonal injections with grass or tree formulations significantly reduce rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and medication use, as well as elevate allergen-specific immunoglobulin G and blunt elevation of immunoglobulin E upon allergen exposure. Postmarketing surveillance studies indicate similar clinical outcomes. In all cases, the allergy vaccine was well tolerated with minimal local reactions, while systemic reactions were rare and mild. Results from recent investigational trials with grass and ragweed formulations are consistent with previous efficacy and safety outcomes, and will be used toward product registration in North America. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd.
The effects of grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy on clinical and immunological parameters in children with allergic rhinitis; Allergoid immunotherapy is a new form of allergen immunotherapy allowing safe administration of high allergen doses. There is limited information on the effects of allergoid immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis. To investigate the immunological and clinical effects of allergoid immunotherapy in children with allergic rhinitis due to grass pollen allergy. Children with allergic rhinitis were assigned to allergoid immunotherapy (n = 27) or control (n = 26, no immunotherapy) groups. Children in the immunotherapy group received seven injections of grass pollen allergoid immunotherapy before grass pollen season and continued to receive maintenance immunotherapy for 27 months. All patients were offered a pharmacotherapy regimen to be used on demand during the pollen seasons. Clinical and laboratory parameters were compared between the immunotherapy and control groups. The rhinoconjunctivitis symptom-medication score and asthma symptom score were lower in the immunotherapy group after 1 yr of maintenance immunotherapy (p < 0.01 for both). Skin test reactivity and nasal reactivity as determined by nasal provocation testing for grass pollen were significantly decreased after 1 yr of immunotherapy (p < 0.001 for both). The seasonal increase in bronchial reactivity and nasal lavage eosinophil cationic protein levels were prevented after the first year of immunotherapy (p < 0.05 for both). The seasonal increase in immunoglobulin (Ig)E decreased (p < 0.05) and grass-specific IgG, IgG1 and IgG4 increased significantly already at the end of the seven-injection build-up therapy (p < 0.001, for all). Interleukin (IL)-4 levels in the culture supernatants showed a steady decline from baseline at first and second year of immunotherapy (p < 0.001) but remained unchanged in the control group. Allergoid immunotherapy is an effective method in the treatment of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis in children and prevents the seasonal increase in bronchial hyper-reactivity. Changes in specific IgE and IgG levels and decreased IL-4 production in peripheral blood mononuclear cell culture supernatants may account for the observed clinical effects. © 2006 The Authors.
Clinical and immunologic effects of sublingual immunotherapy in asthmatic children sensitized to mites: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study; Immunotherapy through oral routes is thought to be a valuable therapeutic option for asthma. The clinical and immunologic effects of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children with asthma caused by mites were evaluated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study for 6 months. Patients (aged 6-12 yr) with mild-to-moderate asthma, with single sensitization to mite allergen, received either SLIT or placebo with a standardized Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (D.p.)/D. farinae (D.f.) 50/50 extract. The cumulative dose was around 41824 IR, equivalent to 1.7 mg of D.p. and 3.0 mg of D.f. allergen. Symptom and medication scores were assessed throughout the study. Serum total immunoglobulin (Ig)E, eosinophil count, eosinophil cationic protein, specific IgE, specific IgG4, and skin sensitivity were evaluated before starting the treatment and after the treatment period. Twenty patients completed the study. At the beginning of the treatment, no differences were observed between the groups for symptom and medication scores, skin sensitivity, or immunologic parameters. After 6 months of treatment, there was a significant difference in nighttime asthma symptom scores and specific IgG4 (p < 0.05) in the SLIT group compared with the placebo group. Daytime symptom and medication scores, total IgE, eosinophil count, forced expiratory volume in 1 s, and mean evening peak expiratory flow rate reached significant differences in the SLIT group during the treatment period (p < 0.05). No severe adverse effects were reported. Our results revealed that treatment for 6 months with SLIT is clinically effective in decreasing asthmatic symptoms and medication use in children with mild-to-moderate asthma because of mite sensitivity. The clinical usefulness of this form of immunotherapy and the mechanism underlying its immunologic effects deserve further studies. © 2006 The Authors.
Immunization with a low-dose replicon DNA vaccine encoding Phl p 5 effectively prevents allergic sensitization; Background: Replicase-based DNA vaccines stimulate TH1-biased immune responses at ultralow doses and induce self-removal of transfected cells through apoptosis. Both aspects are important requirements for efficient and safe DNA-based immunotherapy of type I allergies. Objective: A Sindbis virus replicon-based DNA vaccine encoding the major timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 5 was evaluated for its antiallergic potential compared with a conventional DNA vaccine in a BALB/c mouse model of allergy. Methods: Mice were intradermally prevaccinated with plasmid DNA, followed by sensitization and intranasal allergen provocation with recombinant Phl p 5. In vitro proliferation and cytokine secretion was measured in splenocyte cultures. Distribution of IgG1, IgG2a, and IgE antibody subclasses was determined by means of ELISA. IgE-mediated degranulation was measured with the basophil release assay. Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid was analyzed for eosinophils, IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, and IFN-γ. Mucus production, inflammatory infiltrates, and epithelial damage were determined in lung sections. Results: Both vaccines induced TH1-biased immune responses, resulting in suppression of functional IgE, reduction of eosinophilia in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, and alleviation of lung pathology. However, immunization with the replicon DNA vaccine elicited these effects at a 100-fold lower dose compared with the conventional DNA vaccine. Conclusions: The increased immunogenicity of replicon-based DNA vaccines allows for application of extremely low doses, thereby eliminating the concerns associated with conventional DNA vaccines, which have to be administered at milligram amounts to induce immune reactions in human subjects. Clinical implications: Their high safety profile makes replicon-based DNA vaccines promising candidates for treatment of type I allergies in the clinic. © 2006 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
New insights in sublingual immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is accepted in the official documents and is currently used in many European countries. In recent years, new clinical data on efficacy and safety have been published, including meta-analyses in adults and children and surveys of safety in children younger than age 5 years. Moreover, it has been shown that, similar to the injection route, SLIT can prevent the onset of new sensitizations and the onset of asthma. Additionally, the mechanisms of action are beginning to be systematically studied. Some points need further investigation, such as the effect in asthma, the mechanisms of action, and the optimal dose to be administered. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc.
Mite immunotherapy; Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and D. farinae are the most common house dust mites and are among the most common sources of indoor allergens worldwide. These species are very common in humid regions, where most allergic individuals are sensitized to house dust mites. Specific immunotherapy with mite extracts has demonstrated clinical benefits in several double-blind, placebo-controlled trials that are included in recent reviews of subcutaneous immunotherapy, including pediatric and adult patients with rhinoconjunctivitis and or asthma. Most successful studies of mite immunotherapy have used native allergen extracts adsorbed onto aluminum hydroxide, or chemically modified mite-allergen extracts. Several studies have also shown efficacy using sublingual immunotherapy in pediatric and adult patients with asthma and/or rhinitis. Additionally, the efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy has been demonstrated in patients with atopic dermatitis, although more double-blind, placebo-controlled studies are needed. Based on several studies, it cannot be concluded that mite immunotherapy is more dangerous or safer than immunotherapy with grasses, epithelia, or animal epithelia. Because the delivery of high doses of allergen carries with it the risk for immunoglobulin E (IgE)-mediated events, several methods have been developed to reduce specific IgE binding to mite-allergen extracts. An important challenge for future mite immunotherapy modalities is the delivery of relatively high doses without a significant risk for severe reactions. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc.
Clinical efficacy and safety of preseasonal sublingual immunotherapy with grass pollen carbamylated allergoid in rhinitic patients. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: The aim of this study was to confirm the clinical efficacy and safety of a preseasonal sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in a group of allergic patients with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis with or without mild intermittent or mild persistent asthma. The immunotherapy was administered through the oral mucosa with a monomeric carbamylated allergoid (allergoid SLIT) for grass pollens. A secondary endpoint was to evaluate the effect of the allergoid SLIT on nasal reactivity. Methods and results: A single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed. Patients were selected and randomly allocated to two groups: one group received active treatment (allergoid SLIT) for 2 years and the other received placebo. Both groups received the necessary drug treatment throughout the trial. Thirty-three outpatients (20 men and 13 women, mean age: 30 years
Efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Allergen immunotherapy (desensitization) by injection is effective for seasonal allergic rhinitis and has been shown to induce long-term disease remission. The sublingual route also has potential, although definitive evidence from large randomized controlled trials has been lacking. Objective: The aim was to confirm the efficacy of a rapidly dissolving grass allergen tablet (GRAZAX, ALK-Abelló, Hørsholm, Denmark) compared with placebo in patients with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A longitudinal, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study that included 51 centers from 8 countries. Subjects were randomized (1:1) to receive a grass allergen tablet or placebo once daily. A total of 634 subjects with a history of grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis for at least 2 years and confirmation of IgE sensitivity (positive skin prick test and serum-specific IgE) were included in the study. Subjects commenced treatment at least 16 weeks before the grass pollen season, and treatment was continued throughout the entire season. Results: The primary efficacy analysis showed a reduction of 30% in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score (P < .0001) and a reduction of 38% in rhinoconjunctivitis medication score (P < .0001) compared with placebo. Side effects mainly comprised mild itching and swelling in the mouth that was in general well tolerated and led to treatment withdrawal in less than 4% of participants. There were no serious local side effects and no severe systemic adverse events. Conclusion: Sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets was effective in grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis. The tablet was well tolerated with minor local side effects. Clinical implications: The grass allergen tablet represents a safe alternative to injection immunotherapy suitable for home use. © 2006 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
Multiple daily administrations of low-dose sublingual immunotherapy in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is an efficacious treatment for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Objective: To investigate whether the number of daily administrations of SLIT can affect its efficacy. Methods: In an open study, 64 patients with allergic seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis to grass or birch pollens were assigned to the following 2-year daily treatment schedules: "3-3" group, 1 drop 3 times daily for 2 years
β-Glucans in standardized allergen extracts; Background: Allergen extracts contain variable quantities of bacterial endotoxin. Recent studies have suggested that (1→3)-β-D-glucans (β-glucans), also microbial cell wall components, may have adjuvant properties that could affect allergen immunotherapy. Objective: To determine the quantities of β-glucansin standardized allergen extracts. Materials and Methods: Ninety-four lots of 13 standardized allergen extracts were tested for β-glucan content by Glucatell assay, and for endotoxin content by a specific, chromogenic formulation of the Limulus amebocyte lysate test. Results: Standardized allergen extracts contain variable quantities of endotoxins and β-glucans. As in our previous work, endotoxin activity was greatest in cat pelt and Dermatophagoides farinae, and least in the pollens. There was no correlation between endotoxin and β-glucan levels (r = 0.1887
A localized reaction to sublingual immunotherapy; An otherwise healthy 31-year-old woman with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis developed considerable swelling of the floor of her mouth after sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy with the hyposensitization product 'Slit One grass pollen'. After discontinuation, complaints disappeared and she was successfully put on a regimen of subcutaneous immunotherapy. Despite a lack of reports of serious adverse reactions in clinical trials, the Inspectorate of Health Care and the Netherlands Pharmacovigilance Centre Lareb received several reports of sometimes serious localized reactions to oral and sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy. Under-reporting is likely since local reactions are more or less expected. Caution should be exercised with allergen treatment, even in the case of non-invasive administration.
Safety and immunological changes during sublingual immunotherapy with standardized quality grass allergen tablets; Immunotherapy is the only treatment for allergy that has the potential to alter the natural course of the disease. Sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis has been developed to make immunotherapy available to a broader group of allergic patients. Here, a safe dose range and the safety during daily sublingual administration were investigated for a new tablet-based sublingual immunotherapy for grass pollen allergy. Simultaneously, immunological changes were monitored. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase I trial was undertaken, with stepwise dose-escalation during the dose-finding period, and afterwards with daily dosing 8 weeks prior to and 15 weeks during the grass pollen season (2500, 25 000, or 75 000 standardized quality tablet [SQ-T] units, or placebo). Fifty-two participants with grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis and a positive skin prick test and specific IgE to Phleum pratense entered the trial. During the daily-dose treatment periods, 67% of the participants reported adverse events. The most frequent were itching in the mouth, eyes, or throat, and rhinitis, and most were mild and resolved within 1 day. Two participants withdrew due to adverse events (sting and blisters in the mouth and itching in the mouth). Time- and dose-dependent increases of P pratense-specific IgG, IgA, IgE, and IgE-competing components were found in serum during the first 8 weeks of daily dosing, indicating that the treatment had a significant allergen-specific effect on the immune system. In conclusion, the grass allergen tablet, administered in a dose of 75 000 SQ-T once daily, was well tolerated and displayed systemic immunogenicity. © 2006 Esmon Publicidad.
Five-year follow-up on the PAT study: Specific immunotherapy and long-term prevention of asthma in children; Background: A 3-year course of specific immunotherapy (SIT) in children with hay fever to grass and/or birch pollen significantly reduced the risk of developing asthma. To investigate the long-term preventive effect, we performed a follow up - 2 years after termination of immunotherapy. Methods: A total of 183 children, aged 6-14 years with grass and/or birch pollen allergy could be investigated 2 years after discontinuation of SIT or no treatment. Conjunctival provocation tests (CPTs) and methacholine bronchial provocation tests were carried out during the season and winter after 5 years. The development of asthma was assessed by clinical evaluation. Results: The significant improvement in hay fever and CPT results observed after 3 years of SIT persisted at the 5-year follow-up. No difference in bronchial responsiveness to methacholine was found after 5 years because of spontaneous improvement during the follow-up period in the control patients. The immunotherapy-treated children had significantly less asthma after 5 years as evaluated by clinical symptoms [odds ratio 2.68 (1.3-5.7)] in favor of SIT for prevention of development of asthma and significantly less patients reported an increase in asthma scores (P < 0.01). Conclusion: Immunotherapy for 3 years with standardized allergen extracts of grass and/or birch shows long-term clinical effect and preventive effect on development of asthma in children with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis. © 2006 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Once daily sublingual immunotherapy without updosing - A new treatment schedule; Background: Treatment regimens with specific immunotherapy include updosing. Due to excellent tolerance of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), it was hypothesized that administration of once-daily SLIT could be initiated safely without updosing. The objective was to evaluate tolerability of SLIT administered once daily without updosing. Methods: 135 patients suffering from allergic rhinitis with/without asthma were included in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Patients were randomized into two groups. Group 1 (n = 69) received active treatment throughout the study, including 10 days updosing (T1), 20 days maintenance treatment (T2), and 2 consecutive months on maintenance treatment (T3 and T4). Group 2 (n = 66) obtained placebo updosing (T1), placebo maintenance (T2), initiated active treatment (maintenance) at T3, and continued active treatment until the end of the study (T4). Adverse events (AEs) were assessed at T1-T4. 66 grass- and 69 mite-allergic patients were evenly distributed between groups. Results: 229 AEs were reported, 157 AEs were related to treatment. The most frequently reported AEs (>5% of patients in any group) related to treatment were oral itching, ocular itching, rhinitis, and sublingual edema. For group 1 at T2, the rate of all AEs related to treatment per dose administered was 1.79%, and for group 2 at T3 the rate was 1.33% (p = 0.37). For the most frequently reported AE, oral itching, the rate per dose administered was 1.01% for group 1 at T2, and 0.74% for group 2 at T3 (p = 0.53). Conclusions: Once daily SLIT was well tolerated and can be safely initiated without updosing. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG.
Allergen immunotherapy: Immunomodulatory treatment for allergic diseases; Allergen immunotherapy is currently the only immune-modifying treatment for allergic disease. At the present time it is indicated for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, asthma and venom hypersensitivity. Efficacy appears to be dose dependent, and the immunological mechanisms responsible for the clinical efficacy of immunotherapy are still being elucidated. Immunological changes associated with immunotherapy include induction of T regulatory cells, increase in allergen-specific immunoglobulin G4, increase in interleukin-10 production and downregulation of the T helper 2 response. The disadvantages of allergen immunotherapy include risk of adverse events and patient time and inconvenience. Risks of immunotherapy range from large local reactions to mild systemic reactions, such as rhinitis. Fatalities from immunotherapy injections have been reported at a rate of approximately one fatality per 2.5 million injections. Conventional subcutaneous immunotherapy build-up schedules involve administration of a single-dose increase each visit and it may take several months before a patient achieves the therapeutic maintenance dose. Accelerated schedules, such as rush and cluster, will allow the patient to achieve the maintenance dose sooner but there may be a greater risk of a systemic reaction. The current focus of immunotherapy research is to develop safer and more effective vaccines. Another approach to enhancing immunotherapy safety is through an alternative delivery method. Sublingual immunotherapy is clearly safer than subcutaneous immunotherapy, but further investigation is needed to determine optimal dose and appropriate patient selection. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd.
Quality of life in allergic rhinitis and impact of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy: A real-life study; Allergic rhinitis (AR) may significantly impair quality of life (QoL), and therefore it is important to evaluate the effectiveness of the available treatments on such a parameter. We studied QoL by a real-life model in a large group of patients with rhinitis caused by the most common aeroallergens and assessed the effects of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). An overall number of 452 subjects (229 males, 223 females, mean age 25±13 years) was included in the study. Of them, 208 were allergic to house dust mites, 196 to grass pollen, 104 to Parietaria pollen, 48 to olive pollen, 28 to ragweed pollen, and two to cypress pollen. QoL was measured before and after SLIT with the specific questionnaire Rhinoconjunctivitis Quality-of Life-Questionnaire (RQLQ) introduced and validated by Juniper. At the same time, patients evaluated their clinical status by visual analogue scale (VAS) from 0 (worst) to 10 (best). SLIT was performed by extracts from Stallergénes standardized in index of reactivity (IR) by a build-up phase in 11 days and a maintenance phase with 300 IR three times a week for the duration of the study. All side-effects were registered. The mean RQLQ was 2.93±1.04 before SLIT and 1.50±0.98 after SLIT (P<0.001), with comparable improvement in the different allergen treatments. The respective mean VAS score was 4.47±2.11 and 6.92±1.64 (P<0.001). SLIT was completely tolerated in 395 patients (87.4%), while in 57 (12.6%) it gave rise to slight reactions, mostly at the local level in the mouth or in the gastrointestinal tract. High dose SLIT, administered in a clinical model comparable with routine application, provides significant improvement of both clinical status and QoL in patients with AR caused by common aeroallergens. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Effects of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy on quality of life in patients with seasonal asthma: A pilot study; Allergen immunotherapy by subcutaneous route was demonstrated by meta-analysis studies as an effective treatment in allergic asthma, but the clinical efficacy on asthmatic symptoms of the sublingual route is less investigated. We evaluated the effects of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) on quality of life (QoL) and clinical control of the disease in patients with seasonal asthma. Thirteen patients (six males, seven females, mean age 32.7±6.2 years) with seasonal allergic asthma from at least 2 years were included in the study. In six cases asthma was caused by grass pollen, in five by ragweed pollen, and in two by birch pollen. SLIT was performed by extracts from Stallergénes standardized in index of reactivity (IR) by a build-up phase in 11 days and a maintenance phase with 300 IR three times a week for the duration of the study. An equal number of patients (seven males, six females, mean age 31.8±7.1 years) was treated with an association of 500 mcg of fluticasone and 50 mcg of salmeterol b.i.d. each day during the pollen season. Before and after the treatment, QoL was measured by the Mini Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQLQ), and clinical control was assessed by the asthma control test (ACT). The mean scores of the Mini-AQLQ before and after treatment were 3.45±0.51 and 5.59±0.48 for SLIT, and 3.32±0.63 and 5.23±0.39 for salmeterol-fluticasone association. The mean scores of the ACT before and after treatment were 11.46±3.38 and 20.54±2.47 for SLIT, and 10.87±2.28 and 19.12±3.20 for salmeterol-fluticasone association. All these differences had a comparable significance, with a P<0.001. High-dose SLIT with standardized extracts of the most common pollens significantly improves QoL and asthma control in patients with seasonal asthma, with a level of changes comparable with the fluticasone-salmeterol association. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Histamine Receptors in Immune Regulation and Allergen-Specific Immunotherapy; The cells involved in the regulation of immune responses and hematopoiesis express histamine receptors and secrete histamine. Histamine acting through four types of its receptors has been shown not only to affect chronic inflammatory responses but also to regulate several essential events in the immune response. Histamine signals have a role in the mechanisms of tolerance induced during allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT), acting mainly through its receptor (HR) type 2. It positively interferes with the peripheral antigen tolerance induced by T regulatory cells in several pathways. The rationale for the concomitant use of H1 antihistamines during SIT is diverse and includes reduction of its immediate side effects as well as enhancement of mechanisms of specific tolerance and anti-inflammatory effects of vaccination. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In contrast to specific B cells, human basophils are unaffected by the toxic activity of an allergen toxin due to lack of internalization of immunoglobulin E-bound allergen; Background: Specific immunotherapy is the only curative therapy for type I allergies and the alarming increase in allergy prevalence emphasizes the need for additional/alternative strategies for curative treatment. Allergen toxins (AT), fusion products of an allergen with an apoptosis inducing cytotoxin, are a new kind of immunotoxin. Objective: AT should allow allergen-specific targeting and elimination of allergy-relevant cells, with B cells being the primary target. An important question is the fate of the effector cells, e.g. mast cells and basophils, which carry allergen-specific IgE: the immunotoxin might even prove to be harmful. Methods: We established a reliable in vitro B cell model (using two mouse hybridoma cell lines) for testing specificity and toxicity of P5-ETA′, a fusion protein of the major timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 5b and truncated Pseudomonas Exotoxin A. In a second step, we investigated the impact of the AT on human basophils. Results: P5-ETA′ reliably eliminated Phl p 5-specific cells in the in vitro B cell model, leaving unspecific B cells unharmed. Human basophils of grass pollen allergic donors specifically bound P5-ETA′, released IL-4 and up-regulated the activation marker CD203c, but were not subject to the toxic effect because of lack of internalization of IgE-bound allergen. Conclusion: According to our data, basophils are pure effector cells in the context of IgE-bound allergen and not involved in classical antigen presentation. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: A randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Specific immunotherapy is the only treatment modality that has the potential to alter the natural course of allergic diseases. Sublingual immunotherapy has been developed to facilitate access to this form of treatment and to minimize serious adverse events. Objective: To investigate the efficacy and safety of sublingual grass allergen tablets in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A multinational, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted during 2002 and 2003. Fifty-five centers in 8 countries included 855 participants age 18 to 65 years who gave a history of grass pollen-induced allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and had a positive skin prick test and elevated serum allergen-specific IgE to Phleum pratense. Participants were randomized to 2500, 25,000, or 75,000 SQ-T grass allergen tablets (GRAZAX
Side-effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy. A prospective multi-centre study; Background and objective: The safety of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) is a parameter of great interest in the overall assessment of the treatment. A clinical database was developed in order to obtain early warnings of changes in the frequency and severity of side-effects and sufficient data for the evaluation of possible risk factors. Methods: During a 3-year period, four allergy centres in Copenhagen, Denmark, included data from all patients initiating SIT to a common database. Information on initial allergic symptoms, allergens used for treatment, treatment regimens and systemic side-effects (SSEs) during the build-up phase was collected. Results: A total of 1038 patients received treatment with 1709 allergens (timothy, birch, mugwort, house dust mite (HDM), cat, and wasp and bee venom), 23 047 injections in total. Most SIT patients completed the updosing phase without side-effects, but there was a significant difference between allergens: wasp (89%), birch (82%), HDM (81%), cat (74%) and grass (70%) (P=0.004). A total of 582 SSEs were registered in 341 patients. Most side-effects were mild grade 2 reactions (78%). A difference in severity between allergens was observed (P=0.02), with grass giving most problems. The type of allergen but not patient- or centre-related parameters seemed predictive of side-effects. Conclusions: Allergen extracts differ in their tendency to produce side-effects. Multi-centre studies like the present one allow more patients to be evaluated, and thereby provide a more efficient surveillance of side-effects. Online Internet-based registration to a central national database of every allergen injection would be an even more powerful tool for evaluation of risk factors and surveillance of side-effects. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Monoid sublingual immunotherapy; Sublingual monoid immunotherapy with monomeric allergoids has been largely used in Europe in the last few years. An open trial of allergoid in tablets has been done in rhinitic patients allergic to house dust mites, grass pollens and Parietaria with clear improvement in clinics and drug consumption scores. In a second phase a double blind placebo controlled trial of grass pollens allergoids have been done in hay fever patients with significant decrease on the scores of rhinorrea, sneezing and conjunctivitis nasal steroid consumption and clinical score after serial nasal challenges. Monomeric allergoids are an efficace and safe immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis.
Grass pollen immunotherapy as an effective therapy for childhood seasonal allergic asthma; Background: Few studies have investigated the use of specific immunotherapy (SIT) for childhood seasonal allergic asthma. Objective: We sought to examine the efficacy and safety of SIT with Alutard SQ grass pollen (Phleum pratense Alutard SQ
Efficacy and safety of specific immunotherapy with SQ allergen extract in treatment-resistant seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Specific immunotherapy is widely used to treat allergic rhinitis, but few large-scale clinical trials have been performed. Objective: We sought to assess the efficacy and safety of specific immunotherapy with 2 doses of Alutard grass pollen in patients with moderately severe seasonal allergic rhinitis inadequately controlled with standard drug therapy. Methods: We performed a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study of 410 subjects (203 randomized to 100,000 standardized quality units [SQ-U] maintenance, 104 to 10,000 SQ-U, and 103 to placebo). Three hundred forty-seven (85%) completed treatment. Groups were well matched for demographics and symptoms. Results: Across the whole pollen season, mean symptom and medication scores were 29% and 32% lower, respectively, in the 100,000-SQ-U group compared with those in the placebo group (both P < .001). Over the peak pollen season, mean symptom and medication scores were 32% and 41% lower, respectively, than those in the placebo group. The 10,000-SQ-U group had 22% less symptoms than the placebo group over the whole season (P < .01), but medication scores reduced by only 16% (P = .16). Quality-of-life measures confirmed the superiority of both doses to placebo. Local and delayed side effects were common but generally mild. Clinically significant early and delayed systemic side effects were confined to the 100,000-SQ-U group, but no life-threatening reactions occurred. Conclusions: One season of immunotherapy with Alutard grass pollen reduced symptoms and medication use and improved the quality of life of subjects with moderately severe hay fever. The 100,000-SQ-U regimen was more effective, but the 10,000-SQ-U regimen caused fewer side effects. © 2006 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
Update on sublingual immunotherapy; Objective: To obtain a current understanding of the mechanisms, clinical indications, efficacy, and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for the treatment of children and adults with allergic rhinitis, asthma, and allergic conjunctivitis. Methods: A MEDLINE and Index Medicus search for peer-reviewed articles on SLIT was performed. Results: Since the approval of SLIT by the World Health Organization in 1988, the efficacy and safety of SLIT have been confirmed in several new double-blind, placebo-controlled studies for monosensitized patients who are allergic to house dust mites, grass pollens, ragweed, and birch pollen. Documented immunologic responses to SLIT have included a decrease in serum eosinophilic cationic protein and interleukin 13 (IL-13) levels, an elevation in IL-12 levels, a reduction in late-phase responses, and increases in IgG4/IgE ratios. A Cochrane review of 22 studies confirmed the efficacy and safety of SLIT for patients with allergic rhinitis. A long-term asthma study showed sustained efficacy 5 years after discontinuing the vaccine. The safety of SLIT has been confirmed in postmarketing studies, and severe systemic adverse effects have never been reported. In view of its safety profile, SLIT is taken by the patient at home (away from specialized centers), and no specialized resuscitation facilities are required. Conclusion: SLIT is a safe and effective therapeutic option for patients with allergic rhinitis and asthma. Because of its efficacy, safety, and ease of administration, it has been accepted in Europe, Southern Africa, Australasia, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East as a promising therapeutic option that can significantly alter the natural history of allergic disease without the risks of injection immunotherapy.
Immune mechanisms of allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy has been shown in some clinical studies to modulate allergen-specific antibody responses [with a decrease in the immunoglobulin E/immunoglobulin G4 (IgE/IgG4) ratio] and to reduce the recruitment and activation of proinflammatory cells in target mucosa. Whereas a central paradigm for successful immunotherapy has been to reorient the pattern of allergen-specific T-cell responses in atopic patients from a T helper (Th)2 to Th1 profile, there is currently a growing interest in eliciting regulatory T cells, capable of downregulating both Th1 and Th2 responses through the production of interleukin (IL)-10 and/or transforming growth factor (TGF)-β. We discuss herein immune mechanisms involved during allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), in comparison with subcutaneous immunotherapy. During SLIT, the allergen is captured within the oral mucosa by Langerhans-like dendritic cells expressing high-affinity IgE receptors, producing IL-10 and TGF-β, and upregulating indoleamine dioxygenase (IDO), suggesting that such cells are prone to induce tolerance. The oral mucosa contains limited number of proinflammatory cells, such as mast cells, thereby explaining the well-established safety profile of SLIT. In this context, second-generation vaccines based on recombinant allergens in a native conformation formulated with adjuvants are designed to target Langerhans-like cells in the sublingual mucosa, with the aim to induce allergen-specific regulatory T cells. Importantly, such recombinant vaccines should facilitate the identification of biological markers of SLIT efficacy in humans. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2006.
Safety of a SQ-standardised grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Sublingual treatment of grass pollen induced rhinoconjunctivitis might provide easier access to specific immunotherapy (SIT) and minimize the risk of serious adverse events (AEs) compared to subcutaneous SIT. Aim of the study: To identify a safe dose range for once-daily administration of a grass allergen tablet in participants with grass pollen induced seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled Phase I trial was conducted outside the grass pollen season. Seven dosage groups [25 000, 75 000, 150 000, 300 000, 500 000, 750 000, or 1 000 000 standardized quality tablet (SQ-T)], consisting of 12 participants randomized either to active treatment or placebo (3 : 1) daily for 28 days, commenced treatment in a staggered manner at intervals of approximately 1 week to allow for intermittent safety reviews. Results: The grass allergen tablet did not cause any serious, systemic or significant (leading to withdrawal) AEs. The overall incidence of AEs was 74% (1013 events)
Specific immunotherapy with SQ standardized grass allergen tablets in asthmatics with rhinoconjunctiviti; Background: The best way to prevent allergy symptoms is to treat the allergic condition. Specific immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets 75 000 SQ-T (Grazax®Phleum pratense, ALK-Abelló) is safe and efficacious in rhinoconjunctivitis patients. As rhinoconjunctivitis often co-exists with asthma, we aimed to confirm safety and efficacy in grass allergic subjects with asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre trial was performed 10-14 weeks prior to and during the grass pollen season 2004. About 114 subjects were randomized 2 : 1 to grass allergen tablets or placebo. The primary end points were average asthma medication and symptom scores during the grass pollen season, and secondary variables were average rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication scores during the grass pollen season. Additionally, number of well days was defined post hoc. Results: Differences in asthma medication and symptom scores between the treatment groups were negligible. The mean difference in asthma medication score was below 0.1 and 0.3 for asthma symptom score [a single inhalation of salbutamol (200 μg) was scored 2]. No serious adverse events were reported. A reduction in rhinoconjunctivitis symptom score of 37% (P = 0.004) and a 41% (P = 0.036) reduction in medication score was found in the grass pollen season for subjects treated with the grass allergen tablet compared with placebo. Well days increased by 54% (P = 0.002). Conclusions: Self-administration of the grass allergen tablet was safe. The treatment did not impair asthma control and confirmed considerable symptom prevention and reduced medication use. It addresses the allergic condition and represents a baseline treatment for grass pollen allergy. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005.
Twelve-year follow-up after discontinuation of preseasonal grass pollen immunotherapy in childhood; Background: In a previous controlled study, we demonstrated that preseasonal grass pollen immunotherapy for 3 years was effective in children. Moreover, a significant clinical benefit could still be observed 6 years after discontinuation of specific immunotherapy (SIT). In the current study, we examined the same group of patients again to investigate whether there is a prolonged benefit 12 years after SIT is stopped. Methods: Twenty-two patients with previous SIT (from 1989 through 1991) or standardized seasonal pharmacotherapy only were prospectively followed during the grass pollen season of 2003. Primary end points were symptom score, medication use, and combined symptom and medication score. In addition, skin prick test reactivity, development of new sensitizations, and prevalence of seasonal asthma were evaluated. Results: Total hay fever symptom score (P < 0.03), use of medication (P < 0.05), and combined symptom and medication score (P < 0.03) remained lower in patients with previous SIT when compared with the control group. Decreased immediate skin response to grass pollen returned 12 years after cessation of SIT. The percentage of new sensitization, however, continued to be significantly smaller in patients with previous SIT (58%) compared with the controls (100%, P < 0.05). There was a tendency for lower prevalence of seasonal asthma in the post-SIT group (P = 0.08). Conclusion: This prospective controlled prolonged follow-up study demonstrates the ongoing clinical benefit 12 years after discontinuation of SIT. Furthermore, the reduction in onset of new sensitization, which was found 6 years after discontinuation of SIT, is sustained 6 years later. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2006.
The role of allergen challenge chambers in the evaluation of anti-allergic medication: An international consensus paper; Allergic rhinitis (AR) is a common condition with quality of life and economic implications for those affected. Numerous studies have attempted to evaluate treatments for rhinitis, seeking clinically meaningful efficacy and safety results to enable evidence-based treatment decisions. Traditional studies of medications for AR are hampered by many confounding environmental factors as well as suboptimal medication compliance. They are also an unsuitable setting for determination of precise pharmacodynamic properties of medications, including onset and duration of action. Allergen challenge chambers (ACCs) were developed to provide predetermined, controlled allergen levels and to limit variables inherent in traditional studies. An ACC hosts a number of allergen-sensitive subjects who may receive either medication or placebo in a closed environment regulated for temperature, humidity and other variables. Subjects' allergic responses are monitored using subjective and objective assessments throughout the study, and the resultant information contributes significantly to the clinical profile of a medication. This consensus paper provides an in-depth review of the role of ACCs as a means to evaluate treatments in AR, and concludes that ACC trials fulfil an important supportive role in the assessment of anti-allergic medication. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Dose dependence of efficacy but not of safety in sublingual immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) currently represents, as indicated by meta-analysis of its efficacy and safety, a valid option to the generally used traditional subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) for treating respiratory allergy. Regarding efficacy, recent studies demonstrated that, similar to what has already been observed in SCIT as well as in experimental and clinical studies about the magnitudo of allergen exposure, the effectiveness on both clinical symptoms and immunologic changes depends on the amount of allergen administered during treatment. In addition, in vitro studies addressed with the role of dendritic cells, currently considered to be of pivotal importance in orienting toward tolerance the immune response to allergens, showed that the internalisation of allergen molecules, which is followed by tolerogenic presentation to T cells, depends on the amount of allergen. However, su ch dose dependence is not apparent concerning the safety. In fact, the comparison of studies respectively conducted with high and low allergen doses did not show differences in the rate of systemic reactions, which in any case never had the presentation of anaphylaxis, and instead a significant difference in the rate of local reactions, following the oral and gastrointestinal contact with the allergen extract, in favour of high dose studies.
Dose dependence of efficacy and safety of subcutaneous immunotherapy; A number of experimental and clinical evidence has shown that exposure to high amounts of allergen molecules favours the development of tolerance. This is true also for subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT), for which a dose dependence of clinical efficacy was clearly demonstrated. The effective doses, measured as μg of major allergens, to be administered during maintenance treatment were established for the main allergens. Regarding pollens, the range of effectiveness corresponds to 25-41 and 13-20 μg of major allergens Phl p 5 and Phl p 6 for grasses, to 10-47 μg of Amb a 1 for ragweed, to 12 μg of Bet v 1 for birch, and to 6.2 μg of Par j 1 for Parietaria. With house dust mites, a maintenance dose of 5-11.5 μg of the major allergen from Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus Der p 1 is associated to clinically relevant effects, and with cat epithelium the clinical success is observed using a dose of 13-15 μg of Fel d 1. Nevertheless, there are adverse reactions facing SCIT, which are related to the amount of injected allereen. In fact, the safety decreases when the administered doses increase. This has led to "optimal doses" being defined which show a good balance between efficacy and safety (corresponding for example to a dose of 7 μg for Der p 1 and of 13 μg for Fel d 1). The dose dependency with respect to both efficacy and safety makes essential to accurately consider the risk/ benefit ratio in each patient eligible for SCIT.
Specific immunotherapy in the treatment of patients with atopic dermatitis - Results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only causative method of treatment in the case of IgE-mediated allergic disease. There is extensive literature on the use of SIT in the management of respiratory allergies and insect venom hypersensitivity, but there is a paucity of published data concerning its use as a therapeutic approach in atopic dermatitis (AD). Objective: A double-blind placebo-controlled trial was conducted over a period of 12 months in order to evaluate the efficacy of SIT in the management of atopic dermatitis attributable to house dust mites or grass pollens. Methods: A total of 20 patients (5 - 40 years old) with AD and monovalent sensitization to airborne allergens (house dust mites or grass pollens) were enrolled in the study. SIT was performed using aluminum hydroxide-adsorbed allergen preparations administered by subcutaneous injection. Clinical efficacy of the treatment was assessed using the clinical score W-AZS index. Serum concentration of total IgE and allergen-specific IgE were measured, as were various immunological parameters including ECP, sIL-2R, IFN-γ, IL-4, IL-5 and IL-10. Results: The mean value of W-AZS index in the SIT group before treatment was 87.6 ± 15.8 patients, and this decreased to 38.8 ± 34.4 patients after 12 months of therapy (p < 0.01). In the placebo group, the mean W-AZS index before treatment was 86.3 ± 15.7 patients and after 12 months of therapy it increased to 111.9 ± 41.7 patients. Comparative statistical analysis indicated a significant difference between the 2 groups in favor of patients treated with the active allergy vaccines (p < 0.01). Serum levels of specific IgE in the SIT group showed a tendency to decrease, whilst those in the placebo group tended to increase. Serum concentrations of selected immunological parameters including ECP, sIL-2R, IFN-γ, IL-4, IL-5 and IL-10 were monitored before and after treatment, but did not show significant differences. Conclusion: Allergen-specific immunotherapy appeared to be an effective method of treatment for atopic dermatitis as judged by significant improvement in clinical index in cases with well-documented IgE-mediated allergic disease. © 2006 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
Accelerated immunotherapy schedules: Review of efficacy and safety; Objective: To provide a comprehensive evaluation of accelerated immunotherapy build-up schedules in terms of adverse reactions and clinical efficacy. Data Sources: Peer-reviewed studies and review articles were selected from the PubMed database for articles published in the years 1976 to 2006 using the following keywords: rush, cluster immunotherapy in combination with allergic rhinitis, asthma, Hymenoptera, and imported fire ant. Study Selection: Studies were selected if they provided safety and efficacy information on accelerated allergen immunotherapy schedules. Most of the studies reviewed were double-blind, placebo controlled, but some open-observational studies were included if they provided immunotherapy safety or other information the author thought was relevant. Results: A wide range of systemic reactions were reported in the literature with inhalant allergens: ranging from 27% to 100% of the patients in rush immunotherapy studies and 0% to 79% of patients in the cluster studies. Predictors of systemic reactions with rush immunotherapy were forced expiratory volume in 1 second less than 80% of predicted and a high degree of skin test reactivity. Premedication clearly reduces the risk of systemic reactions with rush immunotherapy, but the effect on cluster schedules was not as clear. Conclusion: Accelerated immunotherapy build-up schedules in selected patients may provide a rapid alternative to conventional build-up schedules without a significant increase in risk.
Effectiveness of specific immunotherapy in the treatment of children and youngsters suffering from atopic dermatitis. Part III. Serum concentrations of selected immunologic parameters; Etiology and pathomechanism of atopic dermatitis still remains partially unclear and therefore contemporary methods of treatment are not always satisfactory from the clinical standpoint. The aim of this study was to evaluate selected immunological parameters (tIgE, ECP, sIL-2R, IFN-gamma, IL-4,IL-5) in sera of atopic dermatitis patients in the course of specific immunotherapy performed for the time period of 3 years. Novo-Helisen Depot allergy vaccines of appropriate composition were used for the treatment of 36 children and youngsters with atopic dermatitis, allergic to house dust mites (24 patients) and grass pollen allergens (12 patients). The control group consisted of 20 patients with atopic dermatitis and analogous IgE-mediated airborne allergy who were treated with conventional methods. There was a clear difference between two investigated groups of patients in terms of immunological parameters. In the group treated with allergy vaccines serum concentrations of total IgE and ECP tended to decrease (p < 0.001) as well as sIL-2R (p < 0.01). On the contrary in the control group serum tIgE increased and IL-4 as well as IL-5 concentrations tended to increase significantly (p < 0.01
Allergoid-specific T-cell reaction as a measure of the immunological response to specific immunotherapy (SIT) with a Th1-adjuvanted allergy vaccine; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is believed to modulate CD4+ T-helper cells. In order to improve safety, SIT vaccines are often formulated with allergoids (chemically modified allergens). Interaction between T-cells and allergoids is necessary to influence cellular cytokine expression. There have been few reports on identification the early cellular effects of SIT. Method: Patients allergic to grass and/or mugwort pollen (n= 21) were treated with a 4-shot allergy vaccine (Pollinex Quattro) containing appropriate allergoids (grass/rye and/or mugwort) adsorbed to L-tyrosine plus a Th1 adjuvant, monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®). Fourteen grass-allergic patients served as untreated controls. Using the peripheral blood mononuclear cells of these patients, an optimized lymphocyte transformation test (LTT) was employed to monitor the in vitro proliferative response of T-cells to an allergoid challenge (solubilised Pollinex Quattro) before the first and last injection and then 2 and 20 weeks after the final injection. Control challenges utilised preparations of a similar pollen vaccine without the adjuvant MPL® and a tree pollen vaccine with and without MPL®. Results: The LTT showed increased LTT stimulation indices (SI) in 17/20 SIT patients when the solublised vaccine preparation was used as a challenge before the last injection and 2 weeks after, in comparison to pre-treatment levels. Twenty weeks after therapy, the SI decreased to baseline level. A vaccine challenge without MPL® gave lower SI levels. A challenge of a clinically inappropriate tree allergoid vaccine gave no response, and a nontreated group also showed no response. Conclusion: Following a short-course SIT adjuvated with MPL®, challenges of allergoids were shown to activate allergen-specific T cells in vitro. There was an additional stimulating effect when the challenge was in combination with MPL®. There were no non-specific effects of MPL®, shown by the tree allergoid/ MPL® control. The timing of the response was closely correlated to the treatment course
The safer way to higher dosage: Safe and effective specific immunotherapy with allergoids; Studies conducted until now with subcutaneous, high-dose hypoallergenic depot products of grass-pollen and house-dust-mites demonstrate the definite clinical efficacy of this therapy. Symptoms are significantly ameliorated, affected patients require less medication for symptomatic treatment, and their quality of life improves. Development of allergen tolerance is likewise well-documented. These studies moreover indicate an underlying specific immunological effect. Compared to SIT with conventional allergen extracts, subcutaneous SIT with allergoids has the advantage of greater safety. Experimental data indicate that the use of allergoids even elicits better IgG4 formation than the use of native extracts.
Health-economic analyses of subcutaneous specific immunotherapy for grass pollen and mite allergy; Objective: To investigate the health and monetary consequences of treating allergy with specific immunotherapy (SIT) compared with symptomatic treatment/standard care among patients with grass pollen or mite allergy. Methods: We performed an economic analysis based on 253 grass- and/or mite allergic patients who started SIT from 1.1.1996 to 1.1.2002 at the Allergy Unit, Aarhus University Hospital and at a specialist practice in Aarhus. Relevant data were collected before, during and after SIT treatment from the national health service based on each patient's personal identification number and medical records and from a specifically designed questionnaire. A cost-benefit analysis including direct and indirect costs before, during and after SIT was performed. In addition direct costs were related to the clinical effect (improvement in well-being) in the form of a cost-effectiveness analysis. Results: The direct cost per patient/year before SIT (equivalent to standard care) was DKK 2,580. The investment in SIT was DKK 27,545 (in present values) per patient over a 4-year period. After SIT the cost was reduced to DKK 1,072 per patient/year. In the long term, prospective introduction of SIT incurred additional present-value direct costs of DKK 13,676 per patient treated and DKK 2,784 per patient/ year of improved well-being. However, when indirect costs were included in the economic evaluation SIT was shown to be net beneficial. Conclusion: This study reveals that SIT is associated with initial resource investments and subsequent resource savings in the long term compared with standard care. When all consequences are measured in monetary terms, and assuming that sick days are associated with a loss of productivity, this analysis suggests that SIT increases societal welfare. This conclusion also holds if there is no loss of productivity.
The effects of short-term immunotherapy using molecular standardized grass and rye allergens compared with symptomatic drug treatment on rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms, skin sensitivity, and specific nasal reactivity; BACKGROUND: The efficacy and safety of short-term immunotherapy with molecular standardized allergens (STI) has been demonstrated by double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials. The aim of this study was to compare STI with symptomatic drug treatment. METHODS: Forty-eight patients with rhinoconjunctivitis to grass and/or rye pollen were treated either with STI (ALK7, n = 24) plus anti-allergic drugs or anti-allergic drugs, alone (n = 24) in a prospective, randomized study. Symptoms and use of drugs were reported in patient diaries and titrated nasal provocation and skin prick tests were performed at baseline, before, and after season. RESULTS: Median overall symptom (P = 0.022, U test) and medication scores (P = 0.003) were significantly lower in the STI group, as was the result for a simultaneous analysis of conjunctival, nasal, and bronchial symptom scores and medication (P = 0.005). Sensitivity in the nasal provocation test decreased in the STI group but not in the drug-treated group. These differences became significant directly after STI (P = 0.027) as well as after the grass pollen season (P < 0.001). Skin sensitivity did not change in the STI group but increased in the drug-treated group after season, with a significant difference between the two groups for the erythema (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: STI reduces grass pollen-induced rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and drug use, and specific nasal reactivity and skin sensitivity, more efficiently than a standard symptomatic treatment. © 2005 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Possible relationship between systemic side effects and sensitization to rPar j 2 in allergic patients submitted to an ultra-rush (20 min) sublingual immunotherapy and selected by component resolved diagnosis; Background: The pollen of Parietaria spp., a weed of the Urticaceae family, is a major cause of respiratory allergy in the Mediterranean area, where the most common species are Parietaria judaica and Parietaria officinalis. In this study, we evaluated the specific serum IgE-binding profiles to individual P. judaica pollen recombinant major allergen, and Phleum pratense cytoskeletal profilin and a 2-EF-hand calcium-binding allergen homologous to cross-reactive Parietaria pollen allergens, in patients allergic to pollen with positive skin test towards Parietaria spp. extract. Methods: The present observation included 220 patients from the province of Cuneo, northwest Italy, all suffering from rhino-conjunctivitis and/or asthma selected on the basis of skin test positive to P. judaica extract. The sera were evaluated for specific IgE reactivity to P. judaica pollen major recombinant(r) allergen Par j 2, Phleum pratense pollen allergens rPhl p 7 (2-EF-hand calcium binding protein) and rPhl p 12 (profilin), both identified as cross-reactive Parietaria spp. allergens, using Pharmacia CAP System. Out of 220 patients, 37 patients with IgE reactivity to rPar j 2 and 105 patients sensitized to at least one timothy pollen major allergen (i. e. rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, natural Phl p 4 and rPhl p 6) were submitted to an ultra-rush protocol of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT). The occurrence of adverse reactions were evaluated in both groups. Results: All 220 patients with pollinosis and positive in vivo skin prick tests had in vitro positive CAP results to P. judaica natural extract. On the contrary, in these patients the prevalence of Par j 2-specific IgE was only 33.2% (73/220). In fact, 116/220 (52.7%) patients with serum specific IgE to crude Parietaria pollen extract had specific IgE to Phl p 12, 18/220 (8.1%) subjects with specific IgE to rPhl p 12 also exhibited specific IgE to Phl p 7 and 26/220 (11.8%) subjects had specific IgE against rPhl p 7. Particularly, geometric mean (25th-75th percentile) of specific IgE to rPar j 2 were as follows: 2.87 kUA/I (1.005-7.465). Out of 73 patients with specific IgE to rPar j 2, 7 subjects (9.6%) had also specific IgE to rPhl p 7, 12 (16.4%) had specific IgE to rPhl p 12 and 4 (4.1%) patients had specific IgE to both recombinant allergens. Of 37 patients under an ultra-rush protocol of SLIT, 3 subjects (8.1%) experienced generalized urticaria, and 1 of them also had diarrhea 3 h after the last dose of Parietaria judaica extract oral-vaccine administration. On the contrary, no systemic reactions were observed in 105 patients after Phleum pratense extract oral intake after a similar ultra-rush SLIT protocol (p = 0.0046). Conclusions: In the light of present findings, allergen extract-based diagnosis, in vivo and in vitro, cannot discriminate allergic patients that are genuinely sensitized to Parietaria spp. major allergens or to other major allergens to which current immunotherapeutic allergy extracts are standardized. Therefore, in vitro component resolved diagnosis is the unique tool to define the disease eliciting molecule(s). Finally, during sublingual immunotherapy, not only the dose of allergen, but also the biochemical characteristic of the major allergen administered may be an important factor in determining possible systemic reactions. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG.
The results of diagnostic tests in patients with pollinosis treated by allergen immunotherapy; Introduction. In addition to allergen elimination, specific immunotherapy remains the only recognised causal treatment of allergic diseases. Nevertheless, there are no commonly accepted parameters and tests allowing for the evaluation and prediction of its efficacy. Aim of the study. The aim of this study was to evaluate the results of readily available supplemental allergy tests (skin prick tests, specific IgE, nasal provocation test, nasal eosinophilia) and to attempt to associate those findings with the outcome of therapy for desensitised patients. Material and methods. This study was conducted in a group of 30 patients receiving specific immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis to grass pollen. The results of skin prick tests, sIgE levels, nasal eosinophilia levels as well as specific nasal provocation tests measured by acoustic rhinometry were compared prior to desensitization and two years following the therapy. The control group comprised 20 allergic patients treated without immunotherapy. Results. Apart from the confirmation of immunotherapy efficacy, a positive correlation between its results and the results of the nasal provocation test (correlation coefficient = 0.87) as well as nasal eosinophilia (correlation coefficient = 0.82) were demonstrated in this study. Howevr, no relationship was found between the treatment result and the results of skin prick tests or serum sIgE levels. The result of acoustic rhinometry corresponded well with clinical manifestations observed in nasal provocation tests. Conclusions. The specific nasal provocation test is an easy method that may be used for monitoring the efficacy of the immunotherapy, and acoustic rhinometry is a good method for measuring its results.
Efficacy of specific immunotherapy in the treatment of children and youngsters suffering from atopic dermatitis. Part I. Evaluation of clinical score; Despite undoubted progress in the field of allergology and clinical immunology we still lack an effective and secure therapeutic methods in many cases of atopic dermatitis. The aim of the study was to evaluate efficacy of specific immunotherapy performed for the time period of 3 years with Novo-Helisen Depot allergy vaccines in the group of 36 children and youngsters with atopic dermatitis, allergic to house dust mites (24 patients) and grass pollen allergens (12 patients). The control group consisted of 20 patients with atopic dermatitis and analogous IgE-mediated airborne allergy treated with conventional methods. Clinical evaluation of patients was performed before treatment and after 36 months of therapy and was based on severity and extensiveness of skin inflammation in atopic dermatitis index: W-AZS. Clinical efficacy of specific immunotherapy was significantly higher than efficacy of conventional methods (p < 0.001). It was concluded that in selected patients with atopic dermatitis with IgE-mediated airborne allergy this method of treatment could be a promising alternative.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy with recombinant grass pollen allergens; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy uses aqueous extracts of natural source materials as a basis for preparations to downregulate the allergic response. Recombinant DNA technology has enabled the cloning of many allergens, thus facilitating investigations aimed at improving efficacy and safety of immunotherapy. Objective: To determine the effectiveness of a mixture of 5 recombinant grass pollen allergens in reducing symptoms and need for symptomatic medication in patients allergic to grass pollen. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of subcutaneous injection immunotherapy was performed in subjects with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without asthma. Primary endpoint was a symptom medication score compiled from separate symptom and medication scores. Secondary endpoints included a rhinitis quality of life questionnaire, conjunctival provocation, and specific antibody responses. Results: The symptom medication score showed significant improvements in subjects receiving recombinant allergens as opposed to placebo, with reductions in both symptoms and medication usage. The rhinitis quality of life questionnaire revealed clinically relevant significant improvements in overall assessment and in 5 of 7 separate domains, and conjunctival provocation showed a clear trend in favor of active treatment. All treated subjects developed strong allergen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 antibody responses. Some patients were not sensitized to Phl p 5 but nevertheless developed strong IgG antibody responses to that allergen. Conclusion: A recombinant allergen vaccine can be a effective and safe treatment to ameliorate symptoms of allergic rhinitis. The clinical benefit is associated with modification of the specific immune response with promotion of IgG4 and reduction of IgE antibodies consistent with the induction of IL-10-producing regulatory T cells. © 2005 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
An update on sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was recently approved in the official documents, and it is widely used in many European countries. In the last three years, many data have been published concerning different clinical aspects of SLIT. Methods/Data base: A review of recent studies on sublingual immunotherapy. Results: Several rigorous clinical trials and a meta-analysis evaluation have confirmed the clinical efficacy of SLIT in allergic rhinitis, and a double blind-double dummy trial has shown comparable efficacy for SLIT and the subcutaneous route. Post marketing surveys report side effects to occur in approximately 5% of patients and with less than 1/1,000 doses, local irritations being the more frequent ones. Safety also seems to be satisfactory in children below the age of 5. No severe event or fatality has been reported since 1986. In recent studies, SLIT appeared to share with the subcutaneous route the long lasting efficacy, the preventive effect on asthma onset, and some of the mechanisms of action. Conclusion: Sublingual administration represents a valid alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy and seems to be especially promising in the pediatric field. Future research needs to investigate the optimal maintenance dose, undertake an analysis of the cost/effectiveness ratio, and identify subsets of patients able to optimally benefit from this route of administration.
Efficacy and safety of allergen-specific immunotherapy in rhinitis, rhinoconjunctivitis, and bee/wasp venom allergies; The prevalence of allergic diseases, such as rhinoconjunctivitis, is increasing worldwide, particularly in Westernized countries, where more than 30% of the population is affected. Insect venom allergy is also very common, affecting up to 5% of the population. Allergen-specific immunotherapy is the only immunomodulatory treatment that may alter the natural course of allergic disease, for example by preventing the development of asthma in rhinitic patients. Nonetheless, the risk-benefit ratio for subcutaneous immunotherapy has changed little from when it was first developed a century ago. However, the rapid evolution of new developments, including new methods of administration and new forms of antigen to stimulate the immune system, now offers improvements in both the safety and the efficacy of specific immunotherapy. These developments include the sublingual administration of the relevant antigens, which has a superior safety profile than the original subcutaneous route. This may enable higher dosages to be used over shorter treatment periods, with a lower risk of anaphylactic reactions. Improvements in the purity, specificity, and immunogenicity of the antigens, often as a result of advances in biotechnology, coupled with the development of new adjuvants, may further increase the efficacy of this form of treatment. This review describes and discusses these new developments in the context of the many recent advances in our understanding of the mechanisms by which immunotherapy appears to act. Copyright © Taylor & Francis LLC.
Intranasal tolerance induction with polypeptides derived from 3 noncross-reactive major aeroallergens prevents allergic polysensitization in mice; Background: Specific immunotherapy is less effective in patients with multiple allergic sensitizations compared with monosensitized patients. Objective: We therefore established a mouse model of polysensitization to the major birch and timothy grass pollen allergens to test whether allergic polysensitization can be prevented by multiple allergen application via the mucosal route. Methods: Female BALB/c mice were immunized intraperitoneally with recombinant (r) Bet v 1, rPhl p 1, and rPhl p 5. For intranasal tolerance induction, a mixture of the complete allergens was compared with allergen-derived immunodominant peptides applied either as a mixture or as a synthetic hybrid peptide composed of the T-cell epitopes of the 3 allergens. Results: Intranasal application of the mixture of the complete allergen molecules did not prevent polysensitization to the same allergens. In contrast, pretreatment with a mixture of the immunodominant peptides or the hybrid peptide led to significantly reduced allergen-specific IgE responses in sera, IL-4 production in vitro, and suppressed airway inflammation. TGF-β mRNA levels did not change, and IL-10 production was significantly suppressed after the pretreatment. The fact that the reduction of IL-10 was not abrogated after IL-10 receptor neutralization and that tolerance was not transferable with splenocytes indicates that the suppression of TH2 responses in polysensitized mice might not be mediated by immunosuppressive cytokines. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that it is possible to suppress allergic immune responses simultaneously to several clinical important allergens. Thus, mucosal coapplication of selected peptides/hybrid peptides could be the basis of a mucosal polyvalent vaccine to prevent multiple sensitivities in atopic patients. © 2005 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
Dose dependence of immunological response to sublingual immunotherapy; Background: Sublingual-swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) is an accepted treatment for allergic rhinitis but its optimal dosage is scantly investigated. We studied the dose dependence of clinical efficacy and immunological response to SLIT by administering two different dosages of the same allergen in rhinitic children monosensitized to grass pollen. Methods: Seventy-one patients with comparable age and symptoms were randomized to receive SLIT by the same grass pollen extract from Stallergénes (Antony, France), 40 of them with the 100 IR and 31 with the 300 IR extract. All patients recorded diary cards for symptoms, medications and side-effects of the treatment, and had measurements of specific IgE and IgG4 in serum by the CAP System FEIA (Pharmacia, Uppsala, Sweden) and in nasal secretion by an in situ incubation method with the same reagents of CAP System FEIA. Results: Symptom/medication scores during the pollen season were significantly higher in patients treated with the lower dosage compared with those treated with the 300 IR dosage. Side-effects occurred with a comparable rate (25.8% vs 27.5%) in the two groups. Serum-specific IgE and IgG4 had no significant changes after 3 months of SLIT in both groups, while a significant seasonal increase of nasal IgE (P = 0.015) and IgG4 (P = 0.019) was found only in patients treated with the lower dosage. Conclusions: A rise of specific IgG4 and a blunting of seasonal increase of specific IgE in serum was repeatedly reported during subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) with pollen extracts. Our findings show such blunting of specific nasal IgE along with a low symptom/medication score in patients treated with SLIT with the higher dosage, but not a concomitant rise of specific nasal IgG4. This suggests a local immunological effect of SLIT, different from systemic mechanisms of SCIT. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005.
IL-9 and c-Kit+ mast cells in allergic rhinitis during seasonal allergen exposure: Effect of immunotherapy; Background: IL-9 is an important stimulus for tissue infiltration by mast cells, a feature requiring concomitant activation of c-Kit. Objectives: We assessed IL-9 expression and c-Kit+ mast cells in the nasal mucosa of patients with allergic rhinitis during seasonal pollen exposure and observed the effects of allergen immunotherapy. Methods: We studied 44 patients with seasonal rhinitis and asthma before and 2 years after a double-blind trial of grass pollen immunotherapy. Nasal mucosal IL-9+ cells and c-Kit + mast cells were assessed by means of immunochemistry. Cell types expressing IL-9 protein were determined by means of dual immunofluorescence. IL-9 mRNA-positive cells were assessed by means of in situ hybridization, and their phenotype was determined by using sequential immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization. Results: Nasal mucosal c-Kit+ mast cells were increased during the pollen season (P = .0001). IL-9 mRNA-positive cells also tended to increase (P = .1) and correlated with nasal EG2+ eosinophils (r = 0.47, P = .05) and IL-5 mRNA-positive cells (r = 0.54, P = .02). The cell sources of IL-9 included T cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, and mast cells. When compared with placebo, successful pollen immunotherapy markedly inhibited seasonal increases in nasal mucosal c-Kit+ mast cells (P = .001) and the seasonal expression of IL-9 mRNA-positive cells (P = .06). Immunotherapy also inhibited IL-9 protein expression from nonendothelial cell sources (P = .0007). Conclusion: IL-9 is upregulated in the nasal mucosa during the pollen season and correlates with tissue infiltration by eosinophils. Successful pollen immunotherapy is associated with inhibition of seasonal increases in both nasal c-Kit+ mast cells and eosinophils. This effect might be explained, at least in part, by the reduced local expression of IL-9. © 2005 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.
Safety and tolerability of ultra-rush (20 minutes) sublingual immunotherapy in patients with allergic rhinitis and/or asthma; Background: The safety and good tolerability of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has already been proved in allergic patients, but only one study has investigated the occurrence of immediate adverse reactions in allergic patients after a 2-hour ultra-rush regimen of SLIT performed with a chemically modified extract (sublingual monomeric allergoid, Lais®, Lofarma S.p.A., Milan). The objective of the present study was to evaluate the occurrence of immediate adverse reactions in allergic patients after a very fast (20 minutes) ultra-rush regimen of sublingual allergoid SLIT. Methods and results: We studied 105 patients: 28 children (20 male, mean age 13.3 ± 2.1 yr) and 77 adults (29 male, mean age 34.7 ± 9.9 years) with a history of intermittent/ persistent rhinitis or intermittent/mild persistent asthma due to House Dust Mite (n = 56), Parietaria (n = 34) and Timothy-grass (n = 15) The build-up ultra-rush phase involved the administration, every five minutes, of increasing doses of the sublingual allergoid SLIT. All patients tolerated the treatment very well. Only one patient out of 105 (0.9%) had a mild local symptoms (gastric pirosis) that occurred 30 minutes after the last initial dose and spontaneously disappeared as the treatment was continued. Conclusions: These data show the excellent safety and tolerability profile of an ultra-rush SLIT regimen performed with a chemically modified extract, even when high doses were administered through an extremely short induction phase (20 minutes), thus confirming the previously reported results.
Efficacy and safety of preseasonal-specific immunotherapy with an aluminium-adsorbed six-grass pollen allergoid; Background: The clinical efficacy and safety of a six-grass pollen allergoid has been studied. The advent of more exacting clinical guidelines and a better appreciation of the possible mechanisms of treatment prompted this reappraisal. Methods: A 2-year double-blind multicentre placebo-controlled phase 3 clinical trial was undertaken in 154 patients suffering symptoms of rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma (GINA I or II). Therapy comprised two consecutive preseasonal short-courses of subcutaneous injections using a grass pollen allergoid adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide. Results: A combined symptom and medication score (SMS) was used as the primary end-point for clinical efficacy. SMS from the first year showed a significant difference of 26.6% between the two study groups (P = 0.026) and this was improved after the second year when there was a 48.4% difference in SMS between active and placebo treatment in favour of the allergoid (P = 0.018). Highly significant increases in grass pollen allergen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 antibody concentrations were measured in association with active treatment. Allergen tolerance was increased as judged by a conjunctival provocation test and significant improvements in quality of life were documented using a standardized questionnaire. The allergoid was well tolerated. Conclusions: The grass pollen allergoid was shown to be safe and clinically efficacious in the management of hay fever with or without asthma (GINA I or II). Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005.
Efficacy of sublingual allergen vaccination for respiratory allergy in children. Conclusions from one meta-analysis; Background. Sublingual route, that allows the safe administration of allergen vaccination at home and without injections, is a highly attractive alternative to parenteral delivery, especially among the youngest population. However, its efficacy in children has been questioned. Objective. To evaluate the efficacy (symptom and medication scores) of sublingual allergen vaccination compared to placebo in paediatric patients. Search strategy: MEDLINE, EMBASE, ISI and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were explored (completed in January/04) for potentially relevant studies. Selection criteria: Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials involving children ≤ 14 years-old with either rhinitis or asthma of proved allergic aetiology. Data collection and analysis. Two reviewers analyzed independently the eligibility of studies for inclusion. The combined standardized mean difference (SMD) method was used to evaluate differences. Since heterogeneity was expected, probably due to the different procedures from each trial, we used the random effect model to obtain SMD. However, we also present the SMD values from the fixed effect model. The main outcomes were clinical symptom (asthma, rhinitis and conjunctivitis) and drug requirement scores. Safety, immunological and clinical changes were also reviewed. Results. Seven double-blind placebo-controlled trials, enrolling 256 children (129 treatment and 127 placebo recipients), were analyzed. We observed decreases in symptom (SMD: -1.42 for asthma, -0.44 for rhinitis and -1.49 for conjunctivitis) and medication requirement (SMD: -1.01) scores. Only reductions in asthma (p=0.01) and drug dosage (p=0.06) scores reached statistical significance with the random effect model but changes in rhinitis symptoms (p=0.27) or conjunctiva! symptoms (p=0.19) were not statisticaly significant. Results obtained with the fixed effect model were similar in magnitude (SMD: -1.60 for asthma, SMD: -0.47 for rhinitis, SMD: -1.09 for conjunctivitis and, SMD: -0.54 for drug intake). Safety was a constant in all the studies
The effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy on polymorphonuclear leukocyte functions in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Immunotherapy plays an important role in the therapy of allergic rhinitis and bronchial asthma. However, there is not much information about the effects of allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) on the polymorphonuclear leukocyte functions. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of specific immunotherapy on phagocytic and intracellular killing activities of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) derived from patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis. Twenty-four patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis documented to be sensitive to grass pollen were included in this study. Patients were divided into 3 groups. Group 1 (n=7) received conventional immunotherapy whereas patients in Group 2 (n=7) were treated with short-term immunotherapy and the third group (n=10) were given placebo during the study process. Both phagocytic and intracellular killing activities were significantly increased (p=0.002, p<0.0001, respectively) by conventional immunotherapy when compared to the first determination. In the short-term immunotherapy group, phagocytic activity was increased very significantly (p=0.0001), whereas intracellular killing activity was not affected (p=0.252). There were no changes in these parameters in the placebo group. These results suggest that allergen-specific immunotherapy has an enhancing effect on PMNs functions in the patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis. It should be clarified by further studies whether this enhancement might be considered as another beneficial effect of the immunotherapy. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Significant decrease of IgE antibodies after a three-year controlled study of specific immunotherapy to pollen allergens in children with allergic asthma; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) in children being not an optional treatment should be administered as soon as possible, also in children aged 2-3 years, due to the very early asthma and rhinitis onset, contrarily to opponents continuing to stress the danger of anaphylactic reactions without displaying reliable data. Materials and methods: We report 56 children who underwent SIT and 56 controls seen consecutevely at the Allergy and Immunology Division, Department of Pediatrics, University of Rome "La Sapienza". The control group was treated with all appropriate medications. Results: They were highly in favor of SIT with statistically significant differences. We stress that IgE antibodies significantly decreased after treatment only in the study group, and IgG antibodies very significantly increased after treatment only in the study group. Discussion: We demonstrate that SIT is the only treatment which can alter the natural course of respiratory diseases, whereas drugs represent only a symptomatic treatment.
Sublingual immunotherapy in seasonal allergic rhinitis. Review of 30 cases; Introduction: Specific immunotherapy consists in administering increasing doses of antigen, to which the patient is sensitive, to determine a protective immune response. Patients and Methods: A descriptive and retrospective review of 30 patients diagnosed of seasonal allergic rhinitis, all treated with specific immunotherapy. Data on age, gender, symptoms, prick test before and after the immunotherapy administration, drugs, efficacy and side effects, were recorded using the SPS-S statistical program. Results: 90% had moderated symptoms and 10% had severe symptoms and asthma. 33% were sensitized to grass pollen. 60% needed antihistamines and intranasal corticosteroids before the immunotherapy. In a lot of cases (80%) there were no side effects. The complete desensitization occurred in 53,3% and the reduction of symptoms in 73% of the cases. 54% of the patients didn't need treatment after specific immunotherapy. Conclusions: The specific immunotherapy is the only curative therapy. Sublingual therapy is one of the most accepted because is well tolerated, it uses a higher allergen concentration, it reduces the symptoms and the needs of drugs and side effects are uncommon.
Physical exercise does not favour adverse reactions to allergen immunotherapy by the sublingual route; It is generally recommended in consensus documents on allergen immunotherapy to avoid any kind of physical exercise in the 24 hours following the administration of the allergen extract but such recommendation is not supported by scientific evidence. We evaluated the risk of developing adverse reactions in a group of patients submitted to sublingual immunotherapy by performing a controlled exercise test. Eleven patients were included in the study, 8 treated with grass pollen and 3 with Parietaria pollen extract by Staloral300® (Stallergées, Antony, France), with the build-up phase in 11 days suggested by the manufacturer and a top dose of 300 IR. At the first maintenance dose, in all patients were measured heart rate, blood pressure, FEV1, and tryptase in blood. Then the maintenance dose was assumed and the physical exercise performed by cycloergometer maintaining a heart rate around 100 b/min and measuring again tryptase, blood pressure and FEV1. The results showed that no patient had adverse reaction following physical exercise, neither showed significant changes in FEV1, blood pressure, or tryptase level, which was 5.57 ± 4.54 mcg/l before and 5.81 ± 4.34 mcg/l after exercise. This suggests that there is no reason to advice against physical exercise, and particularly sporting activity, in patients treated with sublingual immunotherapy thus avoiding to interfere with the subject's lifestyle and consequently with his quality of life.
Comparison of allergen immunotherapy and drug treatment in seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis: A 3-years study; Drug treatment and specific immunotherapy (SIT) are both effective in seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis, but the former acts only on allergic symptoms while the latter modifies the natural history of the disease. Only a few studies compared the clinical efficacy of the two treatments with contrasting results. We planned a study to compare the efficacy of SIT (15 patients) and drug treatment (15 patients) in moderate to severe seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis caused by sensitization to grass pollen. SIT was performed by a 5-grass extract standardized in IR and absorbed onto calcium phosphate (PhostalTM, Stallergénes, Antony, France)using the conventional build-up phase in 12 weeks and a maintenance treatment with monthly injection for three years. Drug treatment was done with cetirizine as antihistamine, mometasone furoate as nasal topical steroid, and levocabastine eyedrops. All patients registered during the pollen season their symptoms and drug consumption. After one year 12 of 15 patients treated with SIT had less symptoms and drug consumption in respect to baseline compared to none in drug treated group (p = 0.021) and after three years 15 of 15 were improved in group A compared to one of 15 in group B (p = 0.008). These findings indicate an higher efficacy of SIT in patients with seasonal rhinitis not only in the long term but also in the first year of treatment.
Lack of detectable alterations in immune responses during sublingual immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen; Background: Recent work indicates that subcutaneous specific immunotherapy induces specific T-cell anergy, a shift in the TH1/TH2 ratio, and antibody production in favor of IgG4. There are few data on sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), especially in children. Methods: We assessed the proliferation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (3H-thymidine incorporation) and secretion of interleukin (IL)-4, interferon (IFN)γ and IL-5 (ELISA) after in vitro stimulation with allergen or phytohemagglutinin (PHA) in 29 children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis receiving SLIT with grass pollen before, and after 1 and 2 years of treatment in a multicenter placebo-controlled study on the efficacy of the treatment. Further, non-specific intracellular production of IL-4, IL-13, IFNγ, IL-2, IL-10 and IL-5 (FACS) and serum total and specific IgE and IgG4 (ELISA) were analyzed. Results: Proliferation and IL-4 and IL-5 secretion after stimulation with allergen or PHA did not differ between the groups. In addition, we observed no effect of SLIT on intracellular cytokine production. IFNγ secretion after allergen coculture was comparable between the groups. Following PHA stimulation, IFNγ secretion was significantly higher in the SLIT group after 1 year, and a trend was observable already before and after 2 years of treatment, probably due to the inhomogeneity in the groups despite randomization (for age and asthma). No significant changes were observed for sIgE/sIgG4 ratios over time either in or between the groups. Conclusion: During 2 years of SLIT in children with a positive effect on rescue medication use, we observed no significant effects on in vitro T-cell immune responses or immunoglobulins. So far, pediatric studies demonstrating stable effects of SLIT on such reactions are missing, probably due to limited effects of SLIT on systemic immunologic reactions. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis: systematic review and meta-analysis.; Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which, at its most severe, can significantly impair quality of life despite optimal treatment with antihistamines and topical nasal corticosteroids. Allergen injection immunotherapy significantly reduces symptoms and medication requirements in allergic rhinitis but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic reactions. There has therefore been considerable interest in alternative routes for delivery of allergen immunotherapy, particularly the sublingual route. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), compared with placebo, for reductions in symptoms and medication requirements. The Cochrane Controlled Clinical Trials Register, MEDLINE (1966-2002), EMBASE (1974-2002) and Scisearch were searched, up to September 2002, using the terms (Rhin* OR hay fever) AND (immunotherap* OR desensiti*ation) AND (sublingual). All studies identified by the searches were assessed by the reviewers to identify Randomized Controlled Trials involving participants with symptoms of allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with SLIT or corresponding placebo. Data from identified studies was abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.1. Analysis was performed by the method of standardized mean differences (SMD) using a random effects model. P-values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Subgroup analyses were performed according to the type of allergen administered, the age of participants and the duration of treatment. Twenty-two trials involving 979 patients, were included. There were six trials of SLIT for house dust mite allergy, five for grass pollen, five for parietaria, two for olive and one each for, ragweed, cat, tree and cupressus. Five studies enrolled exclusively children. Seventeen studies administered the allergen by sublingual drops subsequently swallowed, three by drops subsequently spat out and two by sublingual tablets. Eight studies involved treatment for less than 6 months, 10 studies for 6-12 months and four studies for greater than 12 months. All included studies were double-blind placebo-controlled trials of parallell group design. Concealment of treatment allocation was considered adequate in all studies and the use of identical placebo preparations was almost universal. There was significant heterogeneity, most likely due to widely differing scoring systems between studies, for most comparisons. Overall there was a significant reduction in both symptoms (SMD -0.42, 95% confidence interval -0.69 to -0.15
From allergen avoidance to immunotherapy: Treatment principles in grass pollen allergy; Large epidemiological studies have identified an increase in the prevalence and severity of allergic diseases. Apart from genetic disposition, changes in living conditions, and the hygiene hypothesis, so-called, are currently considered responsible for this phenomenon. With regard to the treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic asthma, alongside of allergen avoidance and medicinal treatment recent years have seen an increase in the importance of specific immunotherapy as causal treatment.
Comparison of the biological potency of different allergen extracts: Implications for future galenic application forms of SLIT; Background: The ARIA (Allergic Rhinitis and its Impact on Asthma) group recommends an at least 50-100 times higher dose for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) compared to the subcutaneous route to be effective. However, it is difficult for the allergologist in daily practice to identify solutions with a sufficient concentration due to the fact that all manufacturers have chosen different allergen standardization methods. The dosage question is also important in the development of new galenic forms for SLIT. Methods: The biological activity of the two SLIT products most often prescribed in Germany (SLIT-one® und Staloral®) was investigated in a randomized, double-blind trial with three parallel groups of 30 patients allergic to birch, grasses and mites using skin prick tests according to the Nordic Guidelines as described in the EAACI (European Academy of Allergology and Clinical Immunology) position paper about allergen standardization and skin prick testing with different allergen concentrations (10 IR/ml, 100 IR/ml, 300 IR/ml, 1,000 STU/ml). Results: The concentration of SLITone® (1,000 STU/ml) was significantly higher than the concentration of Staloral® 10 IR and significantly below the solutions with 100 IR/ml and 300 IR/ml. Based on the usual daily dose, the biological activity as determined by skin prick testing is eight times higher for birch and grasses and 22 times higher for mites with Staloral®. Conclusion: Exchange rates for allergen solutions of the two leading manufacturers on the market were calculated which allow a comparison of different standardization units. These results may also be of relevance to the decision which dose window to choose in the development of new galenic forms of SLIT.
Short-term immunotherapy with allergoids: Results of a prospective, open study in allergologists' practices; Background: Various controlled clinical trials have proven the efficacy and safety of a short-term specific immunotherapy (SIT) with 7 injections. This post-marketing surveillance study should show whether the good results are confirmed in a large number of patients in allergologists' practices. Methods: In a post-marketing surveillance study, 2,047 patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, asthma and neurodermatitis were treated for at least 1 season (1 year) with an allergoid preparation adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide (Allergovit). Doses were given in accordance with the package insert. Efficacy was measured by physician's and patient's self-assessment on an interval scale and by the use of anti-symptomatic medication. Safety was shown in terms of local and systemic reactions, and compliance by the number of drop-outs. Results: In total, case report forms for 2,435 years of therapy were evaluated. After 1 year of therapy, 81% of patients showed a relevant improvement in their condition. After an improvement of 3 points (median) on a 10-point interval scale at the end of the first year, the efficacy improved still further in the second and third years of therapy (p < 0,001). The intake of systemic antihistamines could be reduced by 36%, of local mast cell stabilizers and corticosteroids by 44% and 42%, respectively. The time of the start of SIT had no influence on the success of the therapy whereas underdosing of the preparation resulted in less efficacy. The response of children and patients above 50 years of age were not different compared to those of the other patients. Patients with clinically relevant sensitizations against 3 or more allergen families showed a trend (p = 0,148) towards less efficacy, probably because of symptoms attributable to other sensitisations. Local reactions were seen in association with 241 (1.1%) of the injections and systemic reactions with 48 (0,3%). The systemic reactions were mainly rhinitis, conjunctivitis, difficulties in breathing and cutaneous reactions. Severe systemic reactions were not observed. In 97% of the cases, the physicians judged the tolerance of the therapy as good. After the first 2 years of therapy, 95% of the patients wanted to continue the treatment. In total, nearly 5% of the patients droped out. Conclusion: The short-term SIT with allergoids (7 injections) showed a good efficacy and safety in the allergologist's practice. SIT is also suitable for children and elderly patients. Treatment should start early during the course of disease because the chance of success decreases with rising numbers of clinically manifest sensitizations. © 2005 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle.
A prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multi-centre study on the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen; Background: Especially in childhood, sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) could offer advantages over subcutaneous therapy. However, limited data on its efficacy is available. Methods: In four German centres 97 children (age 3-14 years) with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen were enrolled in a prospective, double-blind trial comparing SLIT (Pangramin SLIT®
Engineered allergens for immunotherapy; Purpose of review: Specific immunotherapy is a clinically effective causative treatment for allergic conditions. However, the reagents used for immunotherapy are crude extracts prepared from natural sources with potential life-threatening anaphylactic side effects. Molecular cloning of allergens has made it feasible to design novel therapeutic approaches for improved and safer forms of allergen-specific immunotherapy. The purpose of this review is to examine recent advances made in the last 2 years in genetic engineering of allergens for specific immunotherapy. Recent findings: Genetic engineering of allergen with nil or low IgE reactivity but retained T-cell reactivity offers a novel therapeutic approach to improving safety and efficacy of allergen-specific immunotherapy. Hypoallergenic forms of major allergens have been produced, with reduced IgE epitopes while preserving other characteristics of the molecule to induce a protective response. Summary: Hypoallergenic forms of major allergens are potential candidates for allergen-specific immunotherapy in the future. These genetically engineered hypoallergens now need to be tested in clinical trials before being widely used. Safer and more efficacious vaccines would increase patient compliance leading to extensive use of immunotherapy.
Mapping of conformational IgE epitopes on Phl p 5a by using mimotopes from a phage display library; Phl p 5 represents a major allergen of timothy grass pollen (Phleum pratense). Detailed knowledge about the structures responsible for IgE binding would allow the design of a novel generation of allergy vaccines. We aimed to characterize the IgE epitopes of Phl p 5a using phage display combined with a molecular modeling approach. Phl p 5a-specific IgE from sera of patients with grass pollen allergy was used for screening of a random peptide phage library displaying constrained decamers. Fifteen phage clones that shared sequence motifs and could be grouped into families were selected by using Phl p 5a-specific IgE. Peptide alignment with the solvent-accessible amino acids of Phl p 5a revealed 3 sequence sections with frequent hits of identical or similar amino acids. On the surface of Phl p 5a, these sections assembled in compact patches, most likely representing conformational IgE epitopes, whereas no matching clusters were found on the back sides of the 2 Phl p 5a halves. In surface plasmon resonance experiments, the high-affinity interaction between IgE and Phl p 5 could be competed by phage-displayed peptides up to 24%, indicating that they represent true epitope mimics (ie, mimotopes). Allergen-specific immunogenicity of the mimotopes was proved in Biozzi mice. The selected mimotopes facilitated the localization of conformational IgE epitopes of Phl p 5. We suggest them to be suitable candidates for the development of an epitope-specific immunotherapy.
Remission of allergic rhinitis: An 8-year observational study; Allergic rhinitis (AR) and sensitization are considered chronic conditions. However, few studies have reported remission rates in adults. We sought to estimate the incidence of remission of AR during an 8-year period. Participants in a population-based study of 15- to 69-year-old patients in 1990 were invited to a follow-up in 1998. Questionnaires on respiratory symptoms and serum for specific IgE (s-IgE) analyses were collected at both visits in 734 subjects (69% of those invited). Pollen AR was defined as rhinitis symptoms on pollen exposure within the last 12 months and s-IgE levels of class 2 or greater against pollen (birch, grass, or mugwort). This was similar for AR to animals (cat or dog) or house dust mites (HDMs). Remission of AR was defined as AR at baseline but no rhinitis symptoms at follow-up and sensitization (s-IgE level class ≥2 at baseline and class <2 at follow-up). Remission of AR occurred in 12% (pollen AR), 19% (animal AR), and 38% (HDM AR
Efficacy and safety of specific allergen immunotherapy with standardized depod allergen H-AI depot. (pollens); A single-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of specific allergen immunotherapy (SAIT) with a standardized depot allergen (H-Al depot, (pollens), Grass mixture I, in patients suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis and/or mild intermittent sezonal asthma caused by grass pollens. Seventeen patients received active treatment and 17 received placebo. The mean age of patients was 29,4 years. Actively treated patients had significantly lower nasal and eyes symptoms (nose p = 0.0005 and eyes p = 0.0108) during the pollen season. Though the high improvement of bronchi symptoms in the actively treated patients (more than 80%) the increase was not quite statistically significant (p = 0.0815) related to the placebo patients due to the small number of patients with the mild intermittent asthma (7 patients in each group). In actively treated patients was observed the high reduction of rescue medication consumption (more than 75%) with statistically significant difference related to the placebo patients (p = 0.0022). Significant changes in specific skin prick test reactivity to the Dactylic glomerata and grass mixture I was not observed either in actively treated patients or in placebo patients. The one-year treatment did not lead to statistical significant changes in IgE levels specific to Dactylis glomerata in both treated patients groups. These findings indicate that AIT with a standardized depot allergen (H-Al depot, (pollens)) is an effective and safe treatment for grass pollen allergy.
Prospective safety study of immunotherapy administered in a cluster schedule; Cluster immunotherapy is becoming an alternative to conventional IT due to its shorter schedule, but the safety of such schedule is still controversial. At present, only few studies assess the risk of immunotherapy in a prospective manner, in well-controlled patients, using the same extract and intending to evaluate a single schedule. The aim of the present study is to evaluate the safety of a cluster immunotherapy administration regimen, A total of 91 outpatients (41 male and 50 female), with a mean age of 25 years old (range: 16-50) were included. Sixty-one patients were diagnosed mild to moderate asthma and 30 rhinoconjunctivitis. Forty-six of the enrolled patients were sensitised to pollen (Lolium perenne and/or Olea europea), 38 to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and 7 to Alternaria alternata. Patients received specific immunotherapy following a five-week cluster schedule. It was considered as a preseasonal treatment, that is, it was accomplished before olive and grass initial pollinating months in this area (March-April). A total 1029 injections were administered during the induction phase. Adverse reactions were assessed and classified according to the EAACI criteria. The average number of visits to maximum dose was 6 (range 2-10), and 70 patients (77%) reached the maximum between 5-7 visits. In each of the visits an average of 2 (range 1-3) injections were administered. Eighty-one of the 91 initially enrolled patients (89%) completed the cluster schedule. The total number of reactions were 47 (24 local and 23 systemic). No fatal reactions were observed. Since the total number of administered injections was 1029, the relative frequency of adverse reactions was 4.6% (2.3% local and 2.2% systemic). The percentage of patients affected by systemic reaction was 18% and by local reaction 14%. No relationship can be shown between adverse reactions and gender or disease. However, a clear relationship with the composition of immunotherapy has been shown, with a lower risk of adverse reactions associated with the extract of D. pteronyssinus. The shorter period required to achieve the maintenance dose, with a similar frequency of adverse events, leads to the conclusion that the proposed administration regimen can be an alternative to conventional schedule to increase patient compliance. © 2004 Esmon Publicidad.
Sublingual and oral immunotherapy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is a viable alternative to the subcutaneous route for the treatment of respiratory allergy, whereas the pure oral route has been abandoned because of its lack of efficacy. The main distinctive feature of SLIT is its optimal safety profile, which has been demonstrated in adults and children. The indications for SLIT are similar to those for the subcutaneous route. A long-lasting effect has been demonstrated for the sublingual route, but data are needed to determine the optimal dose and the preventive effect in asthma.
Canadian trial of sublingual swallow immunotherapy for ragweed rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Sublingual swallow immunotherapy has been increasingly recognized as a safe and efficacious alternative to parenteral specific immunotherapy. Objective: To determine the safety and efficacy of sublingual swallow immunotherapy ragweed allergen extract for rhinoconjunctivitis treatment starting just before and continuing through the ragweed pollen season. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed in children and adults with a documented history of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis during ragweed season at 9 Canadian allergy centers. Active treatment was standardized extract of ragweed allergen administered as sublingual swallow drops at increasing doses starting shortly before the pollen season and maintenance doses continued daily during the season. Primary efficacy variables were symptom and medication scores, and secondary variables included global evaluation of efficacy and immunologic measurements. Results: Eighty-three patients were included in the safety analysis
Tregs and allergic disease; Allergic diseases such as asthma, rhinitis, and eczema are increasing in prevalence and affect up to 15% of populations in Westernized countries. The description of Tregs as T cells that prevent development of autoimmune disease led to considerable interest in whether these Tregs were also normally involved in prevention of sensitization to allergens and whether it might be possible to manipulate Tregs for the therapy of allergic disease. Current data suggest that Th2 responses to allergens are normally suppressed by both CD4 +CD25+ Tregs and IL-10 Tregs. Furthermore, suppression by these subsets is decreased in allergic individuals. In animal models, Tregs could be induced by high- or low-dose inhaled antigen, and prior induction of such Tregs prevented subsequent development of allergen sensitization and airway inflammation in inhaled challenge models. For many years, allergen-injection immunotherapy has been used for the therapy of allergic disease, and this treatment may induce IL-10 Tregs, leading to both suppression of Th2 responses and a switch from IgE to IgG4 antibody production. Improvements in allergen immunotherapy, such as peptide therapy, and greater understanding of the biology of Tregs hold great promise for the treatment and prevention of allergic disease.
Randomized controlled trial of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis; Seasonal allergic rhinitis is common and troublesome. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been proposed as an alternative to injection immunotherapy and might offer some advantages if it were effective and practical in a community setting. To assess the efficacy and side-effect profile of SLIT in patients with summer hay fever uncontrolled on current standard medication. To assess the feasibility of delivering SLIT in a United Kingdom general practice setting. Double-blind, placebo-controlled study in 186 patients with severe summer hay fever identified from 16 United Kingdom general practices. After a baseline year to ensure balanced groups, subjects were randomized, and SLIT was given for 1 or 2 years and compared with placebo. The principal outcome measure was symptoms as recorded on diary cards. Secondary criteria were skin and conjunctival reactivity, allergen-specific IgE and IgG4, and the frequency and severity of adverse effects. One hundred thirty-six subjects completed the study. After 1 year, no significant differences were found between actively treated subjects and the placebo group. After the second year of therapy, subjects who had received 2 years treatment were 6.8 times more likely to show a reduction in nose running (P <. 001) and 2.4 times more likely to have reduced sneezing (P <. 05) compared with subjects in the placebo group. Benefits for nasal blockage were found at the peak pollen season and were similar in both actively treated groups. Sublingual immunotherapy can be given successfully and safely in the community. High-dose SLIT has beneficial effects on nasal symptoms during the peak pollen season in patients with severe seasonal allergic rhinitis. At least 2 years of treatment with SLIT is required to show a benefit.
Coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy reduces the development of asthma in children with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; We wondered whether short-term coseasonal sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) can reduce the development of asthma in children with hay fever in an open randomized study. We sought to determine whether SLIT is as effective as subcutaneous immunotherapy in reducing hay fever symptoms and the development of asthma in children with hay fever. One hundred thirteen children aged 5 to 14 years (mean age, 7.7 years) with hay fever limited to grass pollen and no other clinically important allergies were randomized in an open study involving 6 Italian pediatric allergy centers to receive specific SLIT for 3 years or standard symptomatic therapy. All of the subjects had hay fever symptoms, but at the time of study entry, none reported seasonal asthma with more than 3 episodes per season. Symptomatic treatment was limited to cetirizine, loratadine, nasal budesonide, and salbutamol on demand. The hay fever and asthma symptoms were quantified clinically. The actively treated children used less medication in the second and third years of therapy, and their symptom scores tended to be lower. From the second year of immunotherapy, subjective evaluation of overall allergy symptoms was favorable in the actively treated children. Development of asthma after 3 years was 3.8 times more frequent (95% confidence limits, 1.5-10.0) in the control subjects. Three years of coseasonal SLIT improves seasonal allergic rhinitis symptoms and reduces the development of seasonal asthma in children with hay fever.
The co-seasonal application of anti-IgE after preseasonal specific immunotherapy decreases ocular and nasal symptom scores and rescue medication use in grass pollen allergic children; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) and treatment with anti-immunoglobulin (Ig)E antibody are complementary approaches to treat allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, which may be used for single or combined treatment. Objective: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted to compare the efficacy of single and combined treatment with SIT and anti-IgE (Omalizumab) in reducing symptom severity and rescue medication use. Methods: A total of 221 subjects with birch and grass pollen allergic rhinoconjunctivitis aged 6-17 years were analysed during the grass pollen season. Group A (SITbirch + placebo) served as a reference group obtaining no effective treatment for grass pollen allergy. Group B received anti-IgE monotherapy during grass pollen season, group C SIT grass pollen monotherapy, and group D the combined treatment of SIT and Omalizumab. Results: Preseasonal treatment with grass pollen SIT alone compared with SIT with the nonrelated allergen did not reduce symptoms or rescue medication use. Anti-IgE monotherapy significantly diminished rescue medication use and number of symptomatic days. The combined treatment with SIT and anti-IgE showed superior efficacy on symptom severity compared with anti-IgE alone. Conclusions: Co-seasonal Omalizumab therapy showed considerable effects in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis. The combination of SIT plus Omalizumab was clinically superior to each treatment alone during the first year of observation.
Inhibition of nasal mucosal eosinophils after immunotherapy is associated with a decrease in interleukin-13 mRNA and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 expression; Background: Grass pollen immunotherapy is highly effective in reducing seasonal hay fever symptoms and medication requirements. Clinical improvement is accompanied by a reduction in nasal mucosal eosinophils, although the mechanism is unknown. Methods: Nasal biopsies were taken from 37 adults before immunotherapy and during the peak pollen season following 2 years treatment. Biopsies were processed for immunohistochemistry for CCR3, adhesion molecules (intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM)-1) and apoptotic cells (terminal deoxyribonucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP-digoxigenin nick end-labeling
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells activate allergen-specific TH2 memory cells: Modulation by CpG oligodeoxynucleotides; Background Plasmacytoid dendritic cells (PDCs) accumulate in the nasal mucosa of allergic rhinitis patients, but their function in upper airway allergy has not been determined. CpG oligodeoxynucleotides, potent adjuvants in immunotherapeutic strategies in animal models, are especially effective at activating PDCs. These cells are therefore potential targets for immunomodulation in humans. Objective In this study, PDCs were compared with CD11c+ dendritic cells (DCs), a very potent antigen-presenting cell type, for their capacity to induce allergen-dependent activation of T H2 memory cells. Then, we investigated whether CpG-activated PDCs were able to modulate the allergen-specific TH2 memory response. Methods DCs were isolated from patients with upper airway allergy and cocultured with autologous CD4+ T cells with or without grass pollen extract and CpG. In some experiments cells were restimulated with allergen-pulsed monocyte-derived DCs. T-cell activation was measured by their proliferative response and cytokine production. Results PDCs stimulated allergen-dependent T-cell proliferation and TH2 cytokine production as efficiently as CD11c+ DCs. CpG-activated PDCs inhibited allergen-dependent proliferation of TH2 memory cells and markedly increased IFN-γ production in PDC/T-cell cocultures
Sublingual immunotherapy in asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis; systematic review of paediatric literature
Effect of anti-immunoglobulin E on nasal inflammation in patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; Background: Binding of allergens to IgE on mast cells and basophils causes release of inflammatory mediators in nasal secretions. Objective: The combined effect of specific immunotherapy (SIT) and omalizumab, a humanized monoclonal anti-IgE antibody, on release of eosinophilic cationic protein (ECP), tryptase, IL-6, and IL-8 in nasal secretion was evaluated. Methods: Two hundred and twenty five children (aged 6-17 years) with a history of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis induced by birch and grass pollen were randomized into four groups: either birch- or grass-pollen SIT in combination with either anti-IgE or placebo. Complete sets of nasal secretion samples before treatment Visit 1 (V1), during birch- (V2) and grass (V3)-pollen season and after the pollen season (V4) were collected from 53 patients. Results: A significant reduction in tryptase only was seen in the anti-IgE-treated group at V2 (P < 0.05) and V4 (P < 0.05) compared with the placebo group. During the pollen season, patients with placebo showed an increase of ECP compared with baseline (V2: + 30.3 μg/L
Molecular Characterization of Polygalacturonases as Grass Pollen-Specific Marker Allergens: Expulsion from Pollen via Submicronic Respirable Particles; Grass pollen belong to the most important allergen sources involved in the elicitation of allergic asthma. We have isolated cDNAs coding for Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon) and timothy grass (Phleum pratense) pollen allergens, belonging to a family of pectin-degrading enzymes (i.e., polygalacturonases). The corresponding allergens, termed Cyn d 13 and Phl p 13, represent glycoproteins of ∼42 kDa and isoelectric points of 7.5. rPhl p 13 was expressed in Escherichia coli and purified to homogeneity. Immunogold electron microscopy using rabbit anti-rPhl p 13 Abs demonstrated that in dry pollen group 13, allergens represent primarily intracellular proteins, whereas exposure of pollen to rainwater caused a massive release of cytoplasmic material containing submicronic particles of respirable size, which were coated with group 13 allergens. The latter may explain respiratory sensitization to group 13 allergens and represents a possible pathomechanism in the induction of asthma attacks after heavy rainfalls. rPhl p 13 was recognized by 36% of grass pollen allergic patients, showed IgE binding capacity comparable to natural Phl p 13, and induced specific and dose-dependent basophil histamine release. Epitope mapping studies localized major IgE epitopes to the C terminus of the molecule outside the highly conserved functional polygalacturonase domains. The latter result explains why rPhl p 13 contains grass pollen-specific IgE epitopes and may be used to diagnose genuine sensitization to grass pollen. Our finding that rabbit anti-rPhl p 13 Abs blocked patients' IgE binding to the allergen suggests that rPhl p 13 may be used for immunotherapy of sensitized patients.
Allergen Immunotherapy efficacy in rhinitis and asthma; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy represents a treatment of the basic immunologic dysfunction resulting in the clinical manifestations of allergic diseases. Symptoms may be manifest predominantly in the upper airways (rhinitis) or in the lower airways (asthma), but a significant proportion of allergic patients experience symptoms in both the upper and the lower airways. Advantages of immunotherapy as a disease-modifying specific treatment are the long-term efficacy after terminating treatment, the capacity to prevent the development of new sensitizations in patients allergic to only one allergen, and the down-regulation of the number of rhinitics developing asthma with time. Methods/Data base: A review of the literature. Results/Conclusion: The clinical efficacy of subcutaneous immunotherapy based on placebo-controlled, double-blind studies providing symptom/medication scores published between 1980 and 2003 indicates a clinically relevant reduction in disease severity (efficacy > 30% in addition to the placebo effect) in 80% of 49 studies of rhinitis patients. Asthma is rarely an exclusively allergen-induced disease, and the number of studies evaluating immunotherapy is limited. Of 18 studies, more than 70% document the clinical value of immunotherapy. An essential aspect in obtaining a high clinical efficacy is the indication for immunotherapy. The ideal candidates for immunotherapy are patients with rhinitis and, in the case of asthma, patients experiencing symptoms from both the upper and the lower airways during high allergen exposure as well as patients with symptoms elicited predominantly by allergen-IgE interactions. © 2004 Hogrefe & Huber Publishers.
Noninjection immunotherapy; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy, together with medication and allergen avoidance, is a cornerstone in the management of respiratory allergy. The traditional subcutaneous route, although effective, carrys the risk of severe adverse events. For this reason, new noninjection routes of administration have been investigated and developed. Methods/Data base: A review of available studies on four methods of administering immunotherapy locally: nasal, oral, bronchial, and sublingual immunotherapy. Results: At present, the bronchial and the pure oral route are not recommended for clinical practice, due to insufficient experimental support, whereas local nasal immunotherapy (LNIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) are considered viable routes and valid alternatives to subcutaneous IT. Despite its efficacy, nasal immunotherapy requires a particular administration technique, therefore its use is slowly declining. Currently, only SLIT is commonly used in clinical practice: Its efficacy has been confirmed in asthma and rhinitis in adults and children, and its safety profile is satisfactory. The pharmacokinetic studies carried out in humans have confirmed the absence of direct absorption, therefore excluding the risk of a too rapid passage into the blood. Conclusions: The most recent data show for SLIT a long-lasting effect similar to SCIT, and also the capacity of preventing the onset of new sensitizations. Several points still need to be elucidated, including: mechanisms of action, optimal dosage, and the preventive effect on the onset of asthma in rhinitis subjects. © 2004 Hogrefe & Huber Publishers.
Animal models of type I allergy using recombinant allergens; Various animal models including guinea pigs, monkeys, dogs, rats, and mice have been established in an attempt to provide insights into the complex immunological and pathophysiological mechanisms of human type I allergic diseases. The detailed knowledge of the murine genome, the various components of the murine immune system, and the generation of engineered mice has made the murine system the most attractive among all animal models. The availability of multitude technologies and reagents to characterize and manipulate immunological pathways and mediators adds to the outstanding opportunities to assess the pathology of allergic diseases and to develop novel therapeutic strategies in mice. Numerous sensitization protocols with food and aero-allergens are used to establish an allergic/asthma-like phenotype in mice. Requirements for an appropriate murine model include a close resemblance to the pathology of the disease in humans, the objective measurement of the physiologic parameters, as well as reliability and reproducibility of the experimental data. With respect to reproducible experimental conditions, it has been recognized that extract preparations from natural allergen sources can vary in their allergen-content and -composition. This might influence the degree of sensitization or the outcome of treatment strategies in dependence of the applied extract preparation. The use of recombinant allergens in experimental in vivo and in vitro systems can overcome these problems. Another aspect, that has become obvious from the experimental studies, is that allergens can differ in their immunogenicity as well as in their capacity to act as tolerogens. Therefore, it seems important that the efficacy of the different allergen-molecules to act as therapeutic agents is individually examined. In this review, examples of animal models are described, in which recombinant allergens have been used for sensitization and/or treatment of allergic responses and how they have been used to enhance our understanding of the pathology of allergic diseases. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Grass Pollen Immunotherapy Induces Mucosal and Peripheral IL-10 Responses and Blocking IgG Activity; T regulatory cells and IL-10 have been implicated in the mechanism of immunotherapy in patients with systemic anaphylaxis following bee stings. We studied the role of IL-10 in the induction of clinical, cellular, and humoral tolerance during immunotherapy for local mucosal allergy in subjects with seasonal pollinosis. Local and systemic IL-10 responses and serum Ab concentrations were measured before/after a double-blind trial of grass pollen (Phleum pratense, Phl P) immunotherapy. We observed local increases in IL-10 mRNA-positive cells in the nasal mucosa after 2 years of immunotherapy, but only during the pollen season. IL-10 protein-positive cells were also increased and correlated with IL-10 mRNA+ cells. These changes were not observed in placebo-treated subjects or in healthy controls. Fifteen and 35% of IL-10 mRNA signals were colocalized to CD3+ T cells and CD68 + macrophages, respectively, whereas only 1-2% of total CD3 + cells and 4% of macrophages expressed IL-10. Following immunotherapy, peripheral T cells cultured in the presence of grass pollen extract also produced IL-10. Immunotherapy resulted in blunting of seasonal increases in serum allergen Phl p 5-specific IgE, 60- to 80-fold increases in Phi p 5-specific IgG, and 100-fold increases in Phl p 5-specific IgG4. Post-immunotherapy serum exhibited inhibitory activity, which coeluted with IgG4, and blocked IgE-facilitated binding of allergen-IgE complexes to B cells. Both the increases in IgG and the IgG "blocking" activity correlated with the patients' overall assessment of improvement. Thus, grass pollen immunotherapy may induce allergen-specific, IL-10-dependent " protective" IgG4 responses.
Allergen specific immunotherapy in allergic rhinitis; Allergen immunotherapy is highly effective in selected patients with IgE mediated disease with a limited spectrum of allergies who fail to respond to usual therapies. The mechanism is likely to involve modification of the T lymphocyte response to subsequent allergen exposure with a shift in the Th2/Th1 lymphocyte balance, either by immune deviation Th2>Th1 responses or down-regulation of Th0/Th2 responses. Allergen immunotherapy has been shown to be effective in patients with severe summer hay fever. Treatment for 3-4 years may result in long-term benefit for at least 3 years following discontinuation. In children, immunotherapy has been shown to prevent the onset of new sensitisations. Immunotherapy for seasonal hay fever in children, when continued for 3 years, resulted in a two-threefold reduction in the risk of developing physician-diagnosed asthma at 5 years, 2 years following discontinuation. Although highly effective, allergen injection immunotherapy may be associated with side effects, including a remote risk of anaphylaxis. Therefore, the risk/benefit of immunotherapy should be considered in every case, and the treatment confined to specialist clinics with access to resuscitation with a waiting period of at least 30 minutes after injections (60 minutes within the UK).
Allergen immunotherapy practice parameter update.; In 1911 Leonard Noon proposed a theory that patients suffering from hay fever were overly sensitive to toxins from grass pollen. As a trial treatment, he began inoculating patients with increasing strengths of grass pollen vaccines. By clinical observation standards, this treatment was found to be successful. By the 1920s it was found that vaccines could be given for other allergens. Perennial allergen therapy required perennial treatment, unlike the original pre-season treatment for pollens. It was empirically appreciated that immunotherapy was effective but not scientifically proven until the early 1960s. Since then, the immunologic evidence continues to encourage broadened use of immunotherapy for inhalant sensitivities. As the employment of this immune modulation has advanced, guidelines have been adopted to promote the most appropriate, consistently safe, and efficacious methods of application. This summary article is intended as a guide for Kentucky Physicians to the current state of the art for immunotherapy vaccinations in the treatment of allergic disorders, as set forth in Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology Practice Parameters published in January 2003.
Sublingual immunotherapy: An update; Purpose of review: Sublingual immunotherapy is now officially accepted as a viable alternative to the traditional subcutaneous route, and it is widely used especially in European countries. Despite the large amount of experimental evidence on the safety and efficacy of the method, some concerns still exist, and several aspects need to be clarified: magnitude of the efficacy, adherence, long-lasting effect and others. Recently published studies have provided answers to some of these points. Recent findings: The most recent studies have shown that sublingual immunotherapy exerts a long-lasting effect up to 5 years after discontinuation and that it is able to prevent the onset of new sensitizations. Moreover, when systematically assessed, the adherence to treatment is quite satisfactory, despite the treatment being self-administered. In addition, evidence has been provided that sublingual immunotherapy is effective in treating allergic conjunctivitis, and a metaanalysis has confirmed its efficacy in rhinitis. Moreover, some studies have addressed the possibility of simplifying the schedule of administration by shortening the build-up phase. Summary: More and more new data on sublingual immunotherapy are rapidly appearing in the international literature. These data confirm the clinical value of this treatment and show that it is comparable to subcutaneous immunotherapy from several points of view.
Clinical efficacy of microencapsulated timothy grass pollen extract in grass-allergic individuals; Background: Conventional allergen immunotherapy is clinically effective in reducing the symptoms of allergic rhinitis and asthma. It differs from other pharmacotherapies in that it can induce long-term clinical remission of these diseases. However, it requires years of treatment and is associated with serious allergic reactions. Objective: To evaluate the safety, clinical efficacy, and immunologic mechanisms of immunotherapy with an oral, microencapsulated form of timothy grass allergen. Methods: In this double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 24 patients aged 19 to 55 years with grass pollen allergy were randomized to receive either microencapsulated timothy grass pollen extract or placebo once a day for 10 weeks. The dose of study drug was doubled weekly. Safety was evaluated through weekly visits, daily symptom diaries, and routine laboratory tests. Efficacy was evaluated by comparing medication use and symptoms scores during peak grass pollen season before and after treatment. Allergen-specific T-cell responses, cytokine production, and IgG, IgE, and skin reactivity were measured to evaluate immunologic mechanisms. Results: Eleven of 12 patients in the active treatment group had a decrease in the combined medication and symptom score, but only 4 of 10 patients in the placebo group had a decrease in scores. The proliferative response to timothy grass was reduced by at least 30% in 9 of the 12 grass-treated patients, but only 3 of 11 placebo patients had a proliferative response reduction. Timothy grass-induced interleukin-5 messenger RNA was reduced in the active group, but not in the placebo group. There were no significant changes in either group in IgG, IgE, and skin reactivity. Conclusions: Oral immunotherapy with microencapsulated allergen induces a form of immunologic tolerance to the allergen and is a safe, efficient, and effective method of allergen immunotherapy.
Clinical efficacy of sublingual and subcutaneous birch pollen allergen-specific immunotherapy: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, double-dummy study; Background: Both sublingual allergen-specific immunotherapy (SLIT) and subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) have a documented clinical efficacy, but only few comparative studies have been performed. Objective: To investigate the clinical efficacy of SLIT vs SCIT and secondary to compare SLIT and SCIT with placebo and to evaluate the relative clinical efficacy in relation to systemic side effects. Methods: A 3-year randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, double-dummy study including 71 adult birch pollen, hay fever patients treated for two consecutive years after a baseline year. Allocation to treatment groups was based on disease severity in the baseline season, gender and age. Results: Clinical efficacy was estimated in 58 patients completing the first treatment year by subtracting baseline data, and by calculating the ratio first treatment season vs baseline. SLIT diminished the median disease severity to one half and SCIT to one-third of placebo treatment. No statistically significant difference between the two groups was observed. Both for symptoms and medication scores, actively treated patients showed statistically significant and clinically relevant efficacy compared with placebo. SLIT treatment only resulted in local mild side-effects, while SCIT resulted in few serious systemic side-effects. Conclusion: Based on the limited number of patients, the clinical efficacy of SLIT was not statistically different from SCIT, and both treatments are clinically effective compared with placebo in the treatment of birch pollen rhinoconjunctivitis. The lack of significant difference between the two treatments does not indicate equivalent efficacy, but to detect minor differences necessitates investigation of larger groups. Due to the advantageous safety profile, SLIT may be favored.
Immunotherapy in the age of anti-IgE; Recent results of allergen immunotherapy research have continued to validate efficacy and have also demonstrated a truly preventive aspect for this treatment. This review summarizes the basic principles of effective allergen immunotherapy and highlights some of the advances that have been published in the past year. These studies show that allergen immunotherapy, when done appropriately and properly, not only causes a decrease in symptoms and use of medication as well as an improved quality of life, but that the progression of disease from allergic rhinitis to asthma is substantially decreased and the development of new allergies is diminished. In addition, laboratory studies continue to demonstrate significant changes in the immune system with a shift in the immune pathway from TH2 toward a TH1 response. The impact of anti-IgE as a therapeutic agent with allergen immunotherapy is also be reviewed.
Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study with Sublingual Immunotherapy in Children with Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis to Grass Pollen; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been recognized as a viable alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy for respiratory allergies both in adults and children, but clinical documentation about safety and efficacy in children is still poor. The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerance of SLIT in children who are sensitized to grass pollen. Methods: Children with a clinical history of intermittent rhinoconjunctivitis, with or without mild asthma and positive skin prick tests to grass pollen, were selected to participate in a 2-year double-blind, placebo-controlled study with SLIT, using a grass extract (ALK-Abellò). Results: 22 children were analyzed at the end of the study. No relevant side effects occurred in the active group. A statistically significant difference (p = 0.05
Variation of the Skin End-Point in Patients Treated with Sublingual Specific Immunotherapy; The reduction in skin reactivity in sensitized subjects is a common finding after injective specific immunotherapy. Few data are, on the contrary, available for sublingual immunotherapy. We assessed the skin reactivity by the end-point titration method in 90 monosensitized Subjects (age range 3-50
Safety of subcutaneous specific immunotherapy with pollen allergen extracts for respiratory allergy; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is a well-documented treatment for respiratory allergy. However, the major risk of SIT is the development of systemic anaphylactic reactions. Objectives: To evaluate the safety of SIT given by subcutaneous route for 3 years to patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis (AR) with or without asthma. Methods: A prospective open-label study of immunotherapy (Chenopodium album,Bermuda grass, or both) in 181 consecutive patients with AR with or without asthma. After an initial dose-escalation phase, a maintenance dose of 0.5 ml of 100,000 PNU/ml was administered monthly for 3 years. The occurrence and severity of systemic reaction (SR) and local reaction was recorded and graded according to the WHO position paper. Results: Of 181 patients enrolled, 57 (31%) did not complete the study (53 due to poor compliance and 4 due to systemic side effects). All 4 patients who developed SR had asthma and all the SR occurred during the dose-escalation phase. Three patients had moderate SR (grade 2), while 1 patient had severe reaction (grade 3). Three of the SR occurred within the first 20 min after injection and 1 SR occurred 2 h after injection. None of the reactions were life threatening and were managed easily. Total rhinitis symptom score decreased from 11.8 at baseline to 7.46 at the end of treatment (p < 0.001). The size of the skin prick test reaction to the main sensitising allergen was reduced from 7.48 ± 2.26 mm at baseline to 5.60 ± 2.18 mm at the end of treatment, p < 001. Conclusion: If a strict protocol is used, SIT is safe in AR patients with or without mild asthma and may result in significant subjective and objective improvement. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Inhibition of allergen-IgE binding to B cells by IgG antibodies after grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: Among atopic individuals, levels of allergen-specific IgG antibodies have been inversely associated with the degree of allergen sensitization. Additionally, allergen-specific IgG antibodies are markedly increased by allergen injection immunotherapy. These observations have led to proposals that allergen-specific IgG antibodies might have protective properties in atopic individuals. Objective: We hypothesized that after grass pollen immunotherapy, these antibodies disrupt IgE-dependent allergen processing by antigen-presenting cells. Methods: We have developed a novel flow cytometric assay based on detection of allergen-IgE binding to the low-affinity IgE receptor on B cells to examine the blocking effects of sera collected from 18 patients who participated in a double-blind, controlled trial of grass pollen immunotherapy for 1 year. Results: In all 10 patients who received active therapy, there was induction of activity that inhibited allergen-IgE binding to B cells (P = .02, vs placebo subjects), as well as subsequent allergen presentation to T cells. This activity copurified with IgG and was allergen specific, because sera taken from patients treated with grass pollen immunotherapy but who were also birch pollen sensitive did not inhibit IgE-birch pollen allergen binding to B cells. Conclusion: We conclude that allergen-specific IgG antibodies induced by immunotherapy can disrupt formation of allergen-IgE complexes that bind to antigen-presenting cells and facilitate allergen presentation.
Urinary leukotriene E4 levels in children with allergic rhinitis treated with specific immunotherapy and anti-IgE (Omalizumab); Recently, we were able to demonstrate that Omalizumab, a humanized monoclonal anti-IgE antibody, reduces in vitro leukotriene (LT) release of peripheral leukocytes stimulated with allergen in children with allergic rhinitis undergoing allergen immunotherapy. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of anti-IgE in combination with specific immunotherapy (SIT) on urinary leukotriene E4 (LTE4) levels. Children and adolescents with sensitization to birch and grass pollens and suffering from seasonal allergic rhinitis were included in a phase III, placebo-controlled, multicenter clinical study. Within the four-arm study, patients were randomized to receive SIT for either birch or grass pollen and to receive either subcutaneous anti-IgE or placebo for 24 weeks during the pollen season. From a total population of 225 children, we collected three urine samples in a subgroup of 19 children [n = 12 boys (63%)
Allergen-specific immunotherapy with a monophosphoryl lipid A-adjuvanted vaccine: Reduced seasonally boosted immunoglobulin E production and inhibition of basophil histamine release by therapy-induced blocking antibodies; Background: Allergen-specific immunotherapy represents a causal form of treatment for IgE-mediated allergies. The allergen extract-based analyses of immunotherapy-induced effects yielded highly controversial results regarding a beneficial role of therapy-induced IgG antibodies. Objective: We analysed allergen-specific IgE, IgG subclass, and IgM responses in patients treated with a grass pollen allergy vaccine adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL), a Th1-inducing agent, and in a placebo group using recombinant timothy grass pollen allergen molecules (rPh1 p 1, rPh1 p 2, rPh1 p 5). Results: The strong induction of allergen-specific IgG1 and IgG4 antibodies observed only in the actively treated group was associated with significant clinical improvement. Therapy-induced allergen-specific IgM and IgG2 responses were also noted in several actively treated patients. An inhibition of allergen-dependent basophil histamine release was only obtained with sera containing therapy-induced allergen-specific IgG, but not with sera obtained before therapy or from placebo-treated patients. Moreover, patients with therapy-induced allergen-specific IgG antibodies showed a reduced induction of allergen-specific IgE responses during seasonal grass pollen exposure. Conclusion: Successful immunotherapy with the MPL-adjuvanted grass pollen allergy vaccine is associated with the production of allergen-specific IgG antibodies. These blocking antibodies may have protective effects by inhibiting immediate-type reactions and systemic increases of IgE responses caused by seasonal allergen exposure.
Efficacy and tolerability of short-term specific immunotherapy with pollen allergoids adjuvanted by monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®) for children and adolescents; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) with pollen allergoids formulated with the Th1-inducing adjuvant 3-deacylated monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL® adjuvant, Corixa) has shown good efficacy and tolerability in the treatment of pollen allergies in adults. The aim of this study was to evaluate this treatment in children and adolescents aged 6-17 years old who were sensitive to grass/rye or tree pollens. Methods: An open, multicenter study was performed using 90 children and adolescents. The patients received four subcutaneous injections of grass/rye (n = 64) or tree pollen allergoids (n = 26) adsorbed to L-tyrosine and containing MPL® adjuvant. Efficacy was measured by symptom and medication scoring, skin prick test reactivity and IgG/IgE antibody responses. Tolerability was monitored by recording adverse events. Results: Both grass/rye and tree pollen treatment groups showed significant reductions in symptom scores and anti-allergic medication use compared with the previous pollen seasons (p < 0.01 in all cases). After therapy, skin prick test reactivity was significantly reduced in both groups and pollen-specific IgG was significantly increased in both groups whereas little change was apparent in pollen-specific IgE. Overall tolerability was similar to results obtained in previous studies in adults. Conclusion: Short-term SIT using four injections of grass/rye or tree pollen allergoids adsorbed to L-tyrosine and with MPL® adjuvant was shown to be effective with good tolerability. The treatment compared favorably with previous studies in adults.
Allergen-specific immunotherapy in children. Indications and results; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) induces numerous immunological effects in treated patients. The reason for the good response of SIT in children is mainly based on a functional orientation of the immune system towards tolerance induction. Specific immunotherapy can be used in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (subcutaneously, sublingually) and allergic asthma bronchiale (subcutaneously) triggered by some common allergens (tree pollen, grass pollen, ragweed pollen, house dust- and storage-mite allergens, more restrictly cat allergen). SIT is the only accepted causal treatment option in allergen-induced, IgE-mediated allergies and it can improve disease development. In addition, allergen avoidance improves disease manifestation (symptoms). In hymenoptera-allergy (bee- and wasp-venom) SIT has the most prominent beneficial effects as compared to other allergens. SIT should be considered in documented IgE-mediated sensitization with clinical relevance of allergen in which allergen avoidance is hard to achieve and appropriate allergen extract for SIT is available. SIT is well tolerated by children. Furthermore, children may particularly benefit from the immuno-modulatory capacities of specific immunotherapy.
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis.; BACKGROUND: Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which, at its most severe, can significantly impair quality of life despite optimal treatment with antihistamines and topical nasal corticosteroids. Allergen injection immunotherapy significantly reduces symptoms and medication requirements in allergic rhinitis but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic reactions. There has therefore been considerable interest in alternative routes for delivery of allergen immunotherapy, particularly the sublingual route. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), compared with placebo, for reductions in symptoms and medication requirements. SEARCH STRATEGY: The Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, MEDLINE (1966-2002), EMBASE (1974-2002) and Scisearch were searched, up to September 2002, using the terms (Rhin* OR hay fever) AND (immunotherap* OR desensiti*ation) AND (sublingual). SELECTION CRITERIA: All studies identified by the searches were assessed by the reviewers to identify randomised controlled trials involving participants with symptoms of allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with SLIT or corresponding placebo. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data from identified studies were abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.1. Analysis was performed by the method of Standardised Mean Differences (SMD) using a random effects model. P values <0.05 were considered statistically significant. Subgroup analyses were performed according to the type of allergen administered, the age of participants and the duration of treatment. MAIN RESULTS: Twenty two trials involving 979 patients were included. There were 6 trials of SLIT for House Dust Mite allergy, 5 for Grass Pollen, 5 for Parietaria, 2 for Olive and one each for, Ragweed, Cat, Tree and Cupressus. Four studies enrolled exclusively children. Seventeen studies administered the allergen by sublingual drops subsequently swallowed, 3 by drops subsequently spat out and 2 by sublingual tablets. Eight studies involved treatment for less than 6 months, 10 studies for 6-12 months and 4 studies for greater than 12 months. All included studies were double-blind placebo-controlled trials of parallel group design. Concealment of treatment allocation was considered adequate in all studies and the use of identical placebo preparations was almost universal. There was significant heterogeneity, most likely due to widely differing scoring systems between studies, for most comparisons. Overall there was a significant reduction in both symptoms (SMD -0.34, 95% confidence interval -0.69 to -0.15
Inflammation, bronchial hyperreactivity and progression of asthma. Five year follow-up study in grass sensitised farmers; We studied in a group of 53 asthmatic farmers the influence of various treatment regimens on progression of disease, during five years follow-up. Specific immuno-therapy (SIT) and steroid treated patients showed significantly lower ECP levels and higher methacholine PD20 FEV1 than untreated patients, during all years of the study. During the first two years, spring ECP increase was higher in SIT treated patients than in steroid ones, however no significant differences were found during the following years. Bronchial hyperreactivity showed same course, except for a significant higher PD20 FEV1 in steroid and SIT treated asthmatics, in respect to the steroid or SIT alone. We may conclude that ECP and bronchial reactivity are useful for asthma monitoring and SIT and inhalant steroids have additional effects on asthma.
Induction of IL-10+CD4+CD25+T cells by grass pollen immunotherapy; Background: Immunotherapy involves the modulation of allergen-specific T-cell responses, either TH2-to-TH1 immune deviation or, in bee venom-treated patients, induction of IL-10 production by CD4+CD25+ T cells. IL-10-producing CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells have emerged as potential mediators of immune tolerance in numerous murine models of immunopathology. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of IL-10 production and CD4+CD25+ T cells in the response to grass pollen immunotherapy. Methods: PBMCs were isolated from patients after 1 year of grass pollen immunotherapy and from matched untreated atopic and healthy control subjects. After 6 days of in vitro stimulation with Phleum pratense, production of IL-10, IL-5, IL-4, and IFN-γ and proliferation and numbers of CD4+CD25+ T cells were measured. T cells were then stimulated for a further 5 hours with phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate and ionomycin and assessed for intracellular IL-10 by means of flow cytometry. Results: Patients undergoing immunotherapy produced significantly more IL-10 than atopic control subjects (patients undergoing immunotherapy, 116±21 pg/mL [In = 11]
Specific immunotherapy with tyrosine-adsorbed allergens: A post-marketing surveillance study; Background: Type I allergic conditions may be treated by specific immunotherapy (SIT) using vaccines formulated from a wide choice of allergen extracts adsorbed to the adjuvant L-tyrosine. This adjuvant has several advantages and the vaccine is highly flexible in use with the specialist physician determining the formulation and controlling the injection schedule. In the post-marketing surveillance (PMS) study, the efficacy and tolerability of this SIT vaccine were evaluated in clinical practice settings. Patients and methods: A total of 215 allergic patients (mean age 29.0 years) were treated with initial and maintenance courses of this vaccine (Tyrosin TU, Tyrosine S, Bencard Allergie GmbH/ Allergy Therapeutics Ltd) for a period of one year. Standardised extracts of various allergens (including grass and tree pollens, house-dust mites, mould and epithelials) were adsorbed to L-tyrosine, either singly or in certain combinations. The efficacy was estimated by monitoring changes in consumption of anti-allergic medication and also by the physician's global assessment using a five-point scale. Tolerability was evaluated by recording local and systemic reactions. Results: Efficacy was demonstrated by a highly significant reduction of the use of anti-allergic medication (p=0.001). The physician's assessment showed a decrease of symptoms in 96.3% of the patients, and no increase in symptoms was reported by any patient. High tolerability was shown in 94.0% of the patients who had no moderate or severe local reactions and no systemic reactions. No severe systemic reactions were observed. The initial course of the treatment resulted in local adverse reactions in 1.3% of the injections and systemic reactions in 0.1% of the injections. The maintenance course treatment resulted in local adverse events in 0.4% of the injections and no systemic reactions. Conclusion: The PMS study of a 1-year SIT course using a vaccine containing allergen extracts adsorbed to L-tyrosine adjuvant has demonstrated high efficacy and tolerability in the treatment of type I allergies.
Characteristics and immunobiology of grass pollen allergens; Grass pollens are one of the most important airborne allergen sources worldwide. About 20 species from five subfamilies are considered to be the most frequent causes of grass pollen allergy, and the allergenic relationships among them closely follow their phylogenetic relationships. The allergic immune response to pollen of several grass species has been studied extensively over more than three decades. Eleven groups of allergens have been identified and described, in most cases from more than one species. The allergens range from 6 to 60 kD in apparent molecular weight and display a variety of physicochemical properties and structures. The most complete set of allergens has so far been isolated and cloned from Phleum pratense (timothy grass) pollen. Based on the prevalence of IgE antibody recognition among grass pollen-sensitized individuals, several allergens qualify as major, but members of two groups, groups 1 and 5, have been shown to dominate the immune response to grass pollen extract. Isoform variation has been detected in members of several of the allergen groups, which in some cases can be linked to observed genetic differences. N-linked glycosylation occurs in members of at least three groups. Carbohydrate-reactive IgE antibodies have been attributed to grass pollen sensitization and found to cross-react with glycan structures from other allergen sources, particularly vegetable foods. Another cause of extensive cross-reactivity are the group 12 allergens (profilins), which belong to a family of proteins highly conserved throughout the plant kingdom and present in all tissues. Members of eight allergen groups have been cloned and expressed as recombinant proteins capable of specific IgE binding. This development now allows diagnostic dissection of the immune response to grass pollen with potential benefits for specific immunotherapy. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Endotoxin content of standardized allergen vaccines; Background: Endotoxin is a ubiquitous and potent proinflammatory agent. Previous limited studies suggest that it is present in allergen vaccines and that this could affect the safety and efficacy of allergen immunotherapy. The endotoxin content of standardized allergen vaccines is unknown. Objective: The purpose of this study was to quantify the amount of endotoxin contained in standardized allergen vaccines. Methods: The endotoxin content of 14 allergen vaccines was measured by using the Limulus amebocyte lysate (LAL) gelclot assay. To account for (1,3)-β-D-glucan and protease interference, vaccines were selectively depleted of endotoxin and then retested with the gel-clot assay. Proteases were also heat-inactivated in selected vaccines. Fifty-eight lots of vaccines were tested, including at least two manufacturers per vaccine. Results: The endotoxin content of the 58 vaccines ranged from undetectable to 34,000 EU/mL. Cat pelt (12,735 EU/mL
Development of a quality-of-life assessment for the allergic child or teenager with multisystem allergic disease; Background: Health-related quality of life (HRQOL) questionnaires currently being used to evaluate allergic disease are organ-specific. They therefore fail to take account of the systemic aspects of allergic disease. Objective: To develop and validate a pediatric HRQOL questionnaire for allergic disease (Pediatric Allergic Disease Quality of Life Questionnaire, PADQLQ) that encapsulates problems related to the eyes, ears, nose, lungs, skin, emotions, and everyday activities. Methods: In the development phase, 77 subjects (6 to 16 years of age), with seasonal or perennial allergic problems, were asked how much they were bothered by each different area of HRQOL impairment. The highest scoring areas were used to construct the PADQLQ. In the validation phase of the study, 36 subjects (8 to 16 years of age) with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, seasonal allergic asthma, and/or cutaneous manifestations of grass pollen allergy were assessed before and during the pollen season. Results: The PADQLQ contains 26 questions. In addition to standard symptoms (eg, rhinitis), it incorporates multiorgan symptoms that are usually overlooked (eg, hearing problems). The PADQLQ demonstrated good cross-sectional and longitudinal validity, showing a high degree of correlation with symptom scores and quality of life as measured by a visual analogue scale and two-organ specific questionnaires. The PADQLQ showed good within-subject reliability and a small minimal important difference (0.33
Hypoallergenic derivatives of major grass pollen allergens for allergy vaccination; Grass pollen-induced hay-fever and allergic asthma represent a major health problem in industrialized countries. Whereas the symptoms of these allergic conditions can be controlled by pharmacotherapy, specific immunotherapy vaccination is the only causative approach towards the treatment of these type 1 allergies. Specific immunotherapy is based on administration of increasing amounts of the disease-causing allergens in the form of allergen-containing extracts. However, the extracts used for immunotherapy consist of allergenic and non-allergenic components and may induce severe anaphylactic side-effects upon therapeutic administration. With recent developments in molecular biology of pollen allergens it has become feasible to produce modified hypoallergenic derivatives of recombinant allergens with abrogated or greatly reduced likelihood of anaphylactic side-effects as compared to extract-based treatments. We have demonstrated this concept through reducing the anaphylactic potential of major rye grass pollen allergens by introducing a few point mutations which leave the overall structural fold of the molecule unaltered. These modified forms are expected to make allergen-specific immunotherapy more widely used in the future.
Genetic engineering of pollen allergens for hayfever immunotherapy; Type I allergy is an immunoglobulin E-mediated disease, representing a major health problem affecting more than 25% of the world's population. Grass, birch and ragweed pollen are a major source of environmental allergen. Specific immunotherapy is clinically proven to be an effective treatment for allergic conditions that involve the administration of crude extracts prepared from natural sources with life-potential-threatening anaphylactic side effects. Recent developments in the molecular biology of pollen allergens have made it possible to design novel therapeutic approaches for improved and safer forms of specific immunotherapy. Hypoallergenic forms of major allergens with reduced immunoglobulin E epitopes have been produced using genetic engineering, whilst preserving other characteristics of the molecule that are able to induce a protective response. These modified forms are expected to make allergen-specific immunotherapy more widely used.
A pre-seasonal birch/hazel sublingual immunotherapy can improve the outcome of grass pollen injective treatment in bisensitized individuals. A case-referent, two-year controlled study; Background: The study tests the hypothesis of a reduction of priming due to tree allergy in patients sensitised to both birch/hazel and grass pollen undergoing an associated preseasonal Sublingual/Injective immunotherapy. Methods: 36 out of 49 bisensitized candidates were pair-matched into 18 case-referent couples. During two years all patients were administered preseasonal grass-SIT and one patient in each couple received also birch/hazel-SLIT. Diary cards were fulfilled for three consecutive grass pollen seasons. Specific Nasal Provocation Test (NPT) for grass and aspecific bronchial challenge were done
Key pollen allergens in North America; Objective: To discuss major pollen aeroallergens in North America that are essential for effective immunotherapy and to propose a list of pollen aeroallergens that could be prioritized for allergen standardization. Data Sources: PubMed was used to search the existing medical literature. No date restrictions were used. Keywords included allergy, aeroallergen, taxonomy, cross-reactivity, pollen, and specific genus and species names. Results: Tree species possess relatively unique allergens, and representative members should be chosen at the genus or family level. In the Composite family, there is significant cross-reactivity between ragweed species within the Ambrosia genus. Selection of one species should be sufficient for skin testing and immunotherapy. Extensive allergenic cross-reactivity exists among grasses. Selection of timothy grass alone or in combination with a single northern grass species provides adequate coverage in the northeastern regions of North America. Conclusions: One of the goals within the field of allergy should be to identify high-priority targets for future development of standardized commercial extracts. The standardization of increasing numbers of allergen extracts potentially benefits the discipline of allergy by facilitating transfer of care among physician practices, improving uniformity of patient care, and providing a template on which geographically specific extract choices can be built.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in grass pollen allergy; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) was developed to improve the safety of specific immunotherapy
Safety of allergen-specific sublingual immunotherapy and nasal immunotherapy; Allergen-specific immunotherapy is a well-established treatment for respiratory allergy. It is usually administered subcutaneously, and with this route several severe adverse events and fatalities have been described. Therefore, in the last 15 years, novel routes of administration (local routes) were developed. Sublingual and local nasal immunotherapy are now considered as viable alternatives to the injection route, mainly due to their optimal safety. The use of nasal immunotherapy is at present declining. On the other hand, sublingual immunotherapy was investigated in twenty-two randomized controlled trials and two post-marketing surveys: its safety profile turned out to be satisfactory in both adults and children, gastrointestinal complaints being the most frequently reported side effects. These side effects were always mild and could be treated with proper dose adjusting. At variance with injection immunotherapy, no severe systemic adverse event has ever been described. Its safety is also supported by pharmacokinetics and immunological data. Experimental data on the safety of sublingual and nasal immunotherapy will be reviewed. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy in asthma and eczema; Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is the local route of administration of allergen extracts investigated in several controlled clinical trials. In a number of countries, particularly Italy, France and Spain, this has become common in office practice. At variance with subcutaneous immunotherapy, the knowledge of mechanisms of action of SLIT is still at the beginning: some studies, in animal models, provided interesting information: the dendritic cells of oral mucosa act as efficient antigen-presenting cells and produce IL-12, which directs the immune response towards a Th1 profile away from IgE-Th2 profile. Its clinical efficacy (improvement of symptoms and reduction of drug intake) for both asthma and rhinitis has been assessed in detail for the most common allergens: house dust mites, grass pollen, Parietaria, birch pollen and olive tree. SLIT requires further evaluation concerning the treatment of the extrinsic form of atopic dermatitis. The induction of immunologic tolerance rather than immunoreactivity should be worth pursuing due to the immunologic pathway involved in the pathophysiology of atopic dermatitis. The safety profile of SLIT, derived from the clinical trials and postmarketing surveillance studies, turned out to be satisfactory in adults and children. SLIT represents an important step towards an efficacious and safe treatment of patients with allergic respiratory diseases
Safety of various dosage regimens during induction of sublingual immunotherapy: A preliminary study; Background: Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been demonstrated to be a viable alternative to injection immunotherapy. Administration of high doses of allergens to ensure efficacy has been shown to be well tolerated. The aim of the present study was the first step to address the issue of fast-induction regimens using various induction SLIT regimens in paediatric and adult patients. Methods: Sixty-four patients (age range 5-46 years) with grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis were enrolled in an 8-month double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of SLIT. Sixty-three patients were randomized to four groups and evaluated at the end of the study. One group received placebo (n = 16) and the other three groups (n = 47) received five grass pollen extracts according to three different induction regimens: regimen 1 starting with 3 IR tablets (n = 15), regimen 2 starting with 10 IR (n = 16) and regimen 3 starting with 30 IR (n = 16). The maintenance phase was made with sublingual-swallow drops at the same concentration of 300 IR/ml for all the patients. Adverse events were recorded on diary cards. Results: During induction phase, 25/47 patients in the SLIT groups had adverse reactions in comparison to 2/16 patients in the placebo group (p < 0.05). The rate of adverse reactions was 33.3% (11.8-61.6) (95% CI) for regimen 1, 31.3% (11.0-58.7) for regimen 2, 43.8% (19.8-70.1) for regimen 3 and 12.5% (1.6-38.3) for placebo. Fifty-seven reactions were local reactions involving the oral region (54 SLIT, 3 placebo) and 13 were systemic reactions (all in the SLIT groups). 11/13 reactions were mild (gastrointestinal disorders, rhinoconjunctivitis), 1/13 consisted of moderate asthma and 1/13 consisted of severe abdominal pain. No urticaria, angioedema or life-threatening events were observed. Conclusions: These preliminary data showed that various induction regimens for SLIT are generally well tolerated and could allow a fast build-up phase of SLIT. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Immunotherapy in children; Purpose of review: Specific allergen immunotherapy although being performed for almost 100 years, is still being addressed in clinical trials. In children the sublingual allergen application has gained considerable interest. Recent findings: Controlled long-term trials suggest that specific allergen immunotherapy has the capacity to modify the natural history of allergic airway disease by reducing the incidence of new sensitivities non-specifically, reducing allergic symptoms years after discontinuation and preventing the incidence of asthma. The current evidence on sublingual immunotherapy is not sufficient to recommend this mode of treatment in clinical practice yet. Summary: Specific allergen immunotherapy should be considered in children in whom IgE-mediated allergic symptoms cannot be adequately controlled by symptomatic treatment. © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Short-term immunotherapy using an allergy vaccine adjuvanted with monophosphoryl lipid A: A post-marketing surveillance study; Treatment of respiratory allergies by specific immunotherapy (SIT) can often provide a successful outcome, but prescription of a long injection regime undoubtedly discourages widespread use. A recent innovation in SIT has been the introduction of a novel adjuvant, monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®) in an improved allergy vaccine formulation. MPL® has a potential to improve efficacy by promoting a Th1 response which should in turn promote the effectiveness of SIT and thus allow shorter courses. So far, this vaccine has provided encouraging outcomes in controlled clinical trials but more data were required from larger populations of patients in a real life setting. We report here a post-marketing surveillance (PMS) study of short-term SIT monitoring efficacy and tolerability of this vaccine in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma. SIT was prescribed for patients with allergies to pollen from grasses, rye, trees, mugwort and plantain, using appropriate combinations of these allergens (as allergoids) in the vaccine. Efficacy was estimated by medication use and symptoms in comparison to those recorded for the previous pollination season. Tolerability was assessed by the frequency and intensity of local and systemic adverse reactions. From the total of 1736 patients, reduced medication was required by 62.2% of patients and reduced symptoms were found in 82.4%. There was a highly significant reduction in medication consumption (p=0.001). These outcomes were unaffected by the short time interval between the treatment beginning and the pollination season. Local reactions were experienced from 8.6% of the injections and were mostly mild/moderate, consisting of redness, swelling, itching or pain at the injection site. Systemic reactions resulted from 1.3% of the injections and were mainly mild, consisting of rhinitis, conjunctivitis, dyspnoea, urticaria and fatigue. No patient had unexpected side-effects. Self-assessment of acceptability was rated as good or very good by 89.5% of patients. In conclusion, short-term SIT for allergic rhinitis/asthma using four injections of an MPL®-adjuvanted vaccine provided good efficacy and tolerability for a large number of patients in daily practice.
Interleukin ELISPOT assay for evaluation of specific sublingual immunotherapy in allergy; Allergies are accompanied by a particular T helper (Th)2-prone interteukin pattern in lymphocytes. ELISPOT allows the detection of every single interleukin-producing cell. We aimed to analyze the number of Th1 or Th2 interleukin-producing cells in healthy children and in those with allergies before and during sublingual immunotherapy. A further aim was to determine whether ELISPOT could be a potential method for this analysis. After nonspecific stimulation, the number of interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-5-producing cells was significantly higher in allergic individuals than in healthy controls. Values from treated patients were intermediate. We conclude that ELISPOT is an appropriate method for studying interleukin proffles in allergy.
Carbohydrate-based particles: A new adjuvant for allergen-specific immunotherapy; The occurrence of systemic anaphylactic side-effects in the course of allergen-specific immunotherapy has been strongly reduced by the adsorption of allergens to aluminium hydroxide, the most frequently used adjuvant in humans. Using the major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 5b, in its recombinant form for immunization of mice, we demonstrate that carbohydrate-based particles (CBP) exhibit several potential advantages over aluminium-hydroxide as adjuvant for immunotherapy. Similar to alum-bound rPhl p 5b, CBP-bound rPhl p 5b induced a stronger antibody and cytokine response than unbound rPhl p 5b after subcutaneous injection in mice. The antibodies induced by CBP-bound rPhl p 5b, exhibited potentially beneficial activities as they cross-reacted with group 5 allergens from five other grass species and inhibited the binding of grass pollen allergic patients IgE to Phl p 5b. Alum-bound rPhl p 5b induced a preferential allergen-specific Th2-response characterized by high immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) antibody levels and elevated interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-5 production in cultured splenocytes. By contrast, CBP-bound rPhl p 5b, but not rPhl p 5b alone or coadministered with CBP, induced a mixed allergen-specific T helper 1 (Th1)/Th2 immune response characterized by the additional production of allergen-specific IgG2a/b antibody responses and elevated intereron-γ production. Conjugation of rPhl p 5b to CBP yielded a stable vaccine formulation with preserved immunogenic features of the allergen and, in contrast to alum, induced no granulomatous tissue reactions. Based on these results, CBP is suggested as a potentially useful adjuvant for specific immunotherapy of IgE-mediated allergies.
Immunotherapy with an extract of Olea europaea quantified in mass units: Evaluation of the safety and efficacy after one year of treatment; Sensitization to olive pollen is a frequent cause of rhinoconjunctivitis (RC) and bronchial asthma (BA) in the region of Jaén (southern Spain), where this allergen reaches atmospheric levels of almost 7000 grains/m3 during pollen season (May and June) and produces high morbidity. Specific immunotherapy (SIT) has proven very efficient in allergic RC and BA caused by grass pollen. Considering the availability of a biologically standardized extract of Olea europaea, with its major allergen quantified in mass units, we decided to investigate SIT with this extract in a group of rhinitic and/or asthmatic patients monosensitized to olive. We studied tolerance, safety, and efficacy by comparison of the active group (subjected to SIT) with a control group that did not receive SIT. A hyposensitizing dose of Olea europaea extract was administered preseasonally, establishing a maintenance dose 3.8 times higher than those administered in conventional treatments. Eighty-three percent of the patients reached the proposed maximal dose of 75 BU, equivalent to 45 μg Ole e 1, with a rate of 0.8% of systemic reactions. A significant decrease in cutaneous (p < 0.001) and bronchial (p < 0.001) reactivity was observed in the active group, but not in the control group. Also, a decrease in specific IgE and an increase in IgG1 and IgG4 were found in the group of patients treated with SIT. Regarding clinical evolution, the active group, but not the control group, experienced a clear statistically significant improvement both in nasal (p < 0.05) and bronchial (p < 0.05) symptoms, in addition to a significant decrease in the consumption of antihistamines (p < 0.05) and β2-agonists (p < 0.01). In conclusion, SIT with olive extract proved to be safe and efficacious for the treatment of asthma and rhinitis caused by this allergen.
The effect of anti-IgE treatment on in vitro leukotriene release in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Binding of allergens with IgE to the IgE receptors on mast cells and basophils results in the release of inflammatory mediators as sulfidoleukotrienes (SLTs), triggering allergic cascades that result in allergic symptoms, such as asthma and rhinitis. Objective: We sought to investigate whether anti-IgE (Omalizumab), a humanized monoclonal anti-IgE antibody, in addition to specific immunotherapy (SIT) affects the leukotriene pathway. Methods: Ninety-two children (age range, 6-17 years) with sensitization to birch and grass pollens and with seasonal allergic rhinitis were included in a phase III, placebo-controlled, multicenter clinical study. All subjects were randomized to one of 4 treatment groups. Two groups subcutaneously received birch SIT and 2 groups received grass SIT for at least 14 weeks before the start of the birch pollen season. After 12 weeks of SIT titration, placebo or anti-IgE was added for 24 weeks. The primary clinical efficacy variable was symptom load (ie, the sum of daily symptom severity score and rescue medication score during pollen season). Blood samples taken at baseline and at the end of study treatment after the grass pollen season were used for separation of leukocytes in this substudy. After in vitro stimulation of the blood cells with grass and birch pollen allergens, SLT release (LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4) was quantified by using the ELISA technique. Results: Before the study treatment, SLT release to birch and grass pollen exposure did not differ significantly among the 4 groups. Under treatment with anti-IgE + SIT-grass (n = 23), a lower symptom load occurred during the pollen season compared to placebo + SIT-grass (n = 24, P = .012). The same applied to both groups receiving birch SIT (n = 23 and n = 22, respectively
The cross-reactive calcium-binding pollen allergen, Phl p 7, reveals a novel dimer assembly; The timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 7 assembles most of the IgE epitopes of a novel family of 2 EF-hand calcium-binding proteins and therefore represents a diagnostic marker allergen and vaccine candidate for immunotherapy. Here we report the first three-dimensional structure of a representative of the 2EF-hand allergen family, Phl p 7, in the calcium-bound form. The protein occurs as a novel dimer assembly with unique features: in contrast to well known EF-hand proteins such as calmodulin, parvalbumin or the S100 proteins, Phl p 7 adopts an extended conformation. Two protein monomers assemble in a head-to-tail arrangement with domain-swapped EF-hand pairing. The intertwined dimer adopts a barrel-like structure with an extended hydrophobic cavity providing a ligand-binding site. Calcium binding acts as a conformational switch between an open and a closed dimeric form of Phl p 7. These findings are interesting in the context of lipid- and calcium-dependent pollen tube growth. Furthermore, the structure of Phl p 7 allows for the rational development of vaccine strategies for treatment of sensitized allergic patients.
Immunotherapy for allergic asthma; Specific allergen immunotherapy is an effective treatment of allergic asthma. Double-blind studies provide proof of benefit, although seasonal or intermittent asthma consistently responds better than perennial asthma. Advantages of immunotherapy compared with most pharmacotherapies include modification of the natural history of allergic disease, reduction of need for chronic medication, and treatment of both upper and lower airway disease simultaneously. Improvements in immunotherapy occurred in the later portion of the twentieth century because of enhanced understanding of immunotherapy's mechanism of action, recognition of the dose effect, and improved quality and consistency of allergen vaccines. Purified inhibitors of specific mediators of the allergic response, products of biotechnology, will probably lead to improvements of immunotherapy of asthma in the twenty-first century. The future of immunotherapy and other immunomodulation of allergic asthma is promising.
Short-term immunotherapy, results of a PMS study; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) for respiratory allergies is a well-established treatment, but the commonly prolonged injection regime has inhibited wide application. This problem has recently been addressed by the introduction of a 4-injection SIT vaccine incorporating a TH1 adjuvant, Monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®). This vaccine (POLLINEX Quattro) has shown promise in controlled clinical trials but more data were required from larger populations of patients in a real life setting. We report the results of a post-marketing surveillance study of short-term SIT monitoring efficacy and tolerability in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma. Patients and methods: Patients allergic to pollen from grasses, trees, mugwort and plantain were treated, using appropriate combinations of these allergens (as allergoids) in the vaccine. Efficacy was estimated by medication use and symptoms in comparison to the previous pollen season. Tolerability was assessed by the frequency and intensity of adverse reactions. Results: From a total of 1,736 patients, reduced medication was required by 62.2% of patients and reduced symptoms were found in 82.4%. Reduction in medication consumption was found to be highly significant (p = 0.001). These treatment effects were not affected by the time in the year the treatment was given. Patients treated more close or more distant to the pollen season showed similar benefits. Local reactions were experienced by 8% of injections and were mostly mild/moderate, consisting of redness, swelling, itching or pain at the injection site. Systemic reactions (mainly mild, consisting of rhinitis, conjunctivitis, dyspnoea and urticaria) were seen in 0.7% of the injections. Local and systemic reactions occurred in 0.6% of injections. No patient had unexpected side-effects. Self-assessment of acceptability of treatment was good or very good in 89.5% of patients. In 7.9% of patients problems with local reactions were reported. Conclusion: Short-term SIT for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma using 4 injections of an MPL® adjuvanted allergy vaccine provided good efficacy and tolerability in a large number of patients in daily practice.
Allergen immunotherapy: How to get the best results; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (IT) can be effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma, and venom hypersensitivity. Although IT should not be considered an alternative to pharmacotherapy or allergen avoidance measures, it represents an adjunctive therapy that offers possible long-term disease remission. A careful history and physical examination, supported by detection of a specific IgE response to the suspected allergen with skin prick tests and/or in vitro assays, are necessary to select patients who are likely to benefit from IT. To obtain long-lasting clinical benefit, high-quality standardized extracts should be used at the optimal dose for 3 to 5 years. It is important to identify patients who are at high risk for systemic anaphylactic reaction, including those taking β-blockers or those with unstable asthma
Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy for seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Previous studies suggest that sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) represents a safer alternative to injection immunotherapy but equivalent efficacy is yet to be confirmed. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of SLIT in grass pollen-induced seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial in 56 adults over 18 months. Outcome measures included diary scores of seasonal symptoms and medication use, overall assessments, conjunctival and intradermal provocation tests and serum antibody measurements. To investigate possible mechanisms, sublingual biopsies were taken for measurement of local T cells, antigen-presenting cells and IL-12 mRNA expression. Results: There were no significant differences between the immunotherapy (IT) and placebo groups for diary symptom scores (P = 0.48) or rescue medication (P = 0.19). The patients' overall assessment of hayfever severity compared with previous years showed a highly significant improvement in favour of the IT group (P < 0.02). After treatment the late skin response was smaller (P = 0.003) and the ratio of serum allergen-specific IgG4/IgE was higher (P = 0.05) in the IT group. Both of these variables correlated with the clinical response to SLIT. There were no differences between groups in either the sublingual epithelium or lamina propria for numbers of CD3+ cells (epithelium: P = 0.9, lamina propria: P=0.2), CD1a+ cells (P = 0.3, P = 0.25), CD68+ cells (P = 0.9, P = 1.0) or IL-12 mRNA+ cells (P = 0.6, P = 0.4). Local side-effects were minor and there were no serious treatment-related adverse events. Conclusion: Grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy was well tolerated. Although there was no significant change in diary scores, the improvement in overall assessments, which correlated with inhibition of the late skin response and increases in serum IgG4: IgE ratio, indicates the need for larger, dose-ranging studies.
A Th1 inducing adjuvant, MPL®, safely assists in reducing the length of a pollen allergy vaccination course; Background and aims: The mechanism of successful allergy vaccination is thought to be associated with a promotion of Thl cell activity. A Th1-inducing adjuvant was incorporated in a grass pollen allergy vaccine with the aim of improving the efficiency of allergy vaccination such that only four injections would be required. Materials and methods: The adjuvant, 3-deacylated monophosphoryl lipid A (MPL®, Corixa, USA) was formulated in a standardised vaccine employing a tyrosine-adsorbed glutaraldehyde-modified grass pollen extract. This new therapy was evaluated in a phase III double-blind, placebo-controlled study of grass-pollen sensitive patients (81 actively-treated, 60 on placebo). Results: Significant improvements were found in nasal (p = 0.016) and ocular (p = 0.003) symptoms and combined symptom and medication scores (p = 0.013). Grass pollen-specific IgG antibody was elevated by active treatment (p < 0.01). No seasonal rise in specific IgE was observed in the actively-treated group in contrast to the placebo group (p = 0.002). Local adverse events were higher in the actively-treated group, but there were no group differences with generalised adverse events. Conclusion: A new grass pollen allergy vaccine incorporating a Th1-inducing adjuvant was shown to be well-tolerated and efficacious after only four injections. The vaccine is available in a number of countries as Pollinex® Quattro or Quattro MPL®. This new approach supports the use of immunotherapy more widely for the effective treatment of specifically diagnosed type 1 allergy. This treatment is now being extended to treat allergy to other pollens and to house-dust mites.
Pollen immunotherapy reduces the development of asthma in children with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis (the PAT-Study); Background: Children with allergic rhinitis are likely to develop asthma. Objective: The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether specific immunotherapy can prevent the development of asthma and reduce bronchial hyperresponsiveness in children with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis. Methods: From 6 pediatric allergy centers, 205 children aged 6 to 14 years (mean age, 10.7 years) with grass and/or birch pollen allergy but without any other clinically important allergy were randomized either to receive specific immunotherapy for 3 years or to an open control group. All subjects had moderate to severe hay fever symptoms, but at inclusion none reported asthma with need of daily treatment. Symptomatic treatment was limited to loratadine, levocabastine, sodium cromoglycate, and nasal budesonide. Asthma was evaluated clinically and by peak flow. Methacholine bronchial provocation tests were carried out during the season(s) and during the winter. Results: Before the start of immunotherapy, 20% of the children had mild asthma symptoms during the pollen season(s). Among those without asthma, the actively treated children had significantly fewer asthma symptoms after 3 years as evaluated by clinical diagnosis (odds ratio, 2.52
Efficacy of combination treatment with anti-IgE plus specific immunotherapy in polysensitized children and adolescents with seasonal allergic rhinitis; Background: Specific immunotherapy (SIT) and treatment with monoclonal anti-IgE antibody have complementary modes of action. Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether combined therapy could provide better efficacy than either treatment alone. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blinded trial to assess the efficacy and safety of subcutaneously administered anti-IgE (omalizumab) or placebo in children and adolescents with seasonal allergic rhinitis in both a birch pollen season and a grass pollen season (sequential seasons together lasting an average of 84 days). There were 4 treatment arms. Each subject was started on SIT-birch or SIT-grass, and anti-IgE or placebo was started before and maintained during the anticipated pollen seasons (a total of 24 weeks). The primary efficacy variable was symptom load, the sum of daily symptom severity score plus rescue medication use. Results: A total of 221 subjects (intent-to-treat population) aged 6 to 17 years were analyzed for efficacy. Combination therapy reduced symptom load over the 2 pollen seasons by 48% (P < .001) over SIT alone. When analyzed separately by season, the 2 groups receiving unrelated SIT were considered placebo controls. In the grass season, symptom loads were as follows: unrelated (birch) SIT + placebo, 0.89 (reference value)
Grass pollen immunotherapy for hayfever is associated with increases in local nasal but not peripheral Th1: Th2 cytokine ratios; Grass pollen immunotherapy is the only treatment for hayfever that is both effective and confers long-term benefit. Immunotherapy may act by altering the local nasal mucosal T helper type 2 (Th2) to type 1 (Th1) cytokine balance either by down-regulation and/or immune deviation of T-lymphocyte responses. There is controversy as to whether these changes are detectable in peripheral blood. We therefore examined both local nasal and peripheral T-cell responses to allergen exposure in the same subjects before and after immunotherapy. In a double-blind trial of grass pollen immunotherapy, nasal biopsies were obtained at baseline and during the peak pollen season following 2 years of immunotherapy. Placebo-treated patients showed a seasonal increase in CD3+ T cells (P=0.02) and in interleukin-5 (IL-5) mRNA+ cells (P=0.03) and no change in interferon-γ (IFN-γ) mRNA+ cells (P=0.2) in the nasal mucosa. In contrast, in the immunotherapy-treated group, there were no changes in the number of CD3+ T cells (P=0.3) and IL-5 mRNA+ cells (P=0.2) but a significant increase in the number of IFN-γ mRNA+ cells (P=0.03). Furthermore, clinical improvement in the immunotherapy-treated group was accompanied by a seasonal increase in the ratio of IFN-γ to IL-5 mRNA+ cells in the nasal mucosa (P=0.03). In contrast, there were no significant changes in peripheral T-cell proliferative responses or cytokine production for IFN-γ or IL-5 in response to grass pollen either within or between the two treatment groups. We conclude that successful grass pollen immunotherapy was associated with an increase in the ratio of IFN-γ to IL-5 mRNA+ cells in the nasal mucosa, whereas these changes were not reflected by alterations in peripheral blood T-cell proliferative responses or cytokine production before/after treatment.
Influence of allergen-specific immunotherapy on IL-4-dependent IL-12 production by monocytes.; Allergen-specific immunotherapy (AIT) is an effective method of allergy treatment. Reduction of allergy symptoms followed by AIT presumably depends on modification of cytokine production, especially of IFN-gamma and/or IL-4. Previously, we found that lower IL-12 production by allergic monocytes than in healthy control, could depend on higher IL-4 receptor alpha-chain (CD124) expression. Since IFN-gamma production is stimulated by IL-12, which in turn is down-regulated by IL-4, the aim of study was to analyze the influence of AIT on the network of these cytokines. Moreover, we estimated the possible role of CD124 in that process. Patients (n=16) with grass pollen allergy were subjected to AIT with Allergovit for 5 to 6 weeks. The clinical examination and blood analyses were performed before and after AIT. Clinical improvement in course of AIT was rather weak, however, we found significant increase of mean IFN-gamma production by PBMC. Although the increase of mean IL-12 production by monocytes following AIT was non-significant, we observed statistically significant decrease of monocyte sensitivity to IL-4 suppressed IL-12 production. Flow cytometry analysis revealed significant decrease of CD124 expression on monocytes after AIT. Despite unchanged mean IL-4 level the decrease of CD124 expression after AIT could explain the decreased monocyte sensitivity to IL-4 and its role in further IL-12 and IFN-gamma tuning.
Sublingual immunotherapy - Results from a multi-centre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study with a standardised birch and grass/rye pollen extract; Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy is accepted as a causal treatment of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and/or mild to moderate asthma. During the last years clinical data for sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) have improved. The benefits associated with SLIT are seen in the convenience of administration and the good safety profile. A new study was designed to prove efficacy and tolerability of SLIT in adults and children. In this multicentre, randomised study 68 patients (age > 6 years) with clinically relevant seasonal allergic rhinitis, conjunctivitis and/or mild asthma sensitised to birch or grass/rye pollen were enrolled to either a standardised allergen extract (ORALVAC® birch n = 21 resp. grass/rye = 28) or placebo (n = 19) by sublingual-swallow application. The therapy started with one drop of the lowest concentration of study medication and was increased to a maximum of 16 drops of the highest concentration. During maintenance therapy patients received the top dose every 2 days. The combined symptom-/medication score as a primary endpoint was recorded in patient diaries during pollen season before and after SLIT. Changes in skin reactivity measured by titrated skin prick test served as a secondary endpoint. Tolerability was estimated by incidence of local and systemic adverse events. Complete data were available from 49 patients. The duration of dose increase phase was approx, one month, maintenance therapy lasted 5,0 months (Verum) or 4,6 months (Placebo). There was a significant advantage in favour of the active treatment for the combined symptom/medication score (p = 0.035). Titrated skin prick testing revealed a significant reduction of skin sensitivity in the active group compared to placebo (p = 0.045). Local adverse events (e.g. stomatitis, pharyngitis) were more common in the active group (p = 0.05). There were no reports of serious or severe adverse events. In this study sublingual immunotherapy proved to be efficacious and well tolerated in children and adults with either birch or grass/rye pollen allergy.
Allergen immunotherapy - A position paper of the German society for allergology and clinical immunology; Mechanisms of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) are complex, inducing numerous immunological effects. Successfull AIT is most likely based on a functional switch of and tolerance induction in specific T cells downregulating allergic hypersensitivity and inflammation. Subcutaneous AIT for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic asthma has been successfully assessed in controlled studies with several clinically important allergens (i.e. birch-, grass- and mugwortpollen, dust mites, animal dander) and has shown convincing clinical efficacy. Considered as the only causal treatment besides allergen avoidance at present, AIT can alter the natural course of allergic diseases. Hymenoptera venom hypersensitivity (to bee- and wasp venom) treated with AIT gives the best results compared to AIT with other allergens. AIT is indicated in patients with IgE-mediated sensitizations and corresponding clinical symptoms to allergens, which do not or hardly permit allergen avoidance and which are availabe as suitable extracts. Decisions about indication and allergen selection should only be made by a physician with certified training or qualified knowledge and skills in allergology. AIT is administered by physicians experienced in this therapy. After addressing tolerability and present status of health, the recommended or individually adjusted dose is injected and precisely documented, followed by a mandatory waiting period of 30 minutes. Indication for and application of AIT in children are quite similar compared to the treatment of adults. Children tolerate AIT very well and benefit especially from its immunomodulatory effects. Risk factors for and results of unwanted systemic effects can effectively be minimized by training of the staff members involved adhering to safety standards and immediate emergency treatment. Modified allergens, recombinant proteins and immunomodulatory adjuvants created by basic research are promises for an improved efficacy of AIT with reduced unwanted effects in the future.
Recombinant allergens - Possibilities and limitations of their use; The advances in cloning and production of recombinant allergens seem to promise highly purified and even patient-tailored preparations for diagnosis and therapy. In the meantime, many major allergens are available as recombinant products, even from eukaryotic cells - this means with post-translational modifications. The advantages of recombinant allergens are their availability in adequate amounts, their stability, their exact standardization (even as yardsticks for natural extracts) and the possibility of exact structural analysis. Moreover, they are a base for modifications (hypoallergenic variants). On the other hand, the costs and the often quite different allergoprints of the patients are important obstacles. Recombinant allergens could be used especially in cases of single and dominant major allergens (e.g. birch pollen, cat). For other more complex sources (e.g. grass pollen, mites), first the question has to be answered which allergens (or their variants) are necessary for an efficacious therapeutic preparation.
Assistential profile of a cluster immunotherapy schedule with aluminium hydroxide-absorbed pollen extracts; Background: Conventional immunotherapy inductions schedules are widely used because of their well-known safety, but they have not been demonstrated to constitute an optimal procedure. Over the last few years, a number of experiences have been published underscoring the safety of cluster schedules. Aim: To achieve a practical assessment of the assistential advantages of a cluster schedule with biologically standardised, aluminium hydroxide-absorbed pollen extracts under conditions of controlled administration at Immunotherapy Units. Methods: One hundred and thirty-nine with pollen allergy (Olea, grass mix, Chenopodium, Plantago) were treated with Pangramin Depot® (ALK-Abelló, Spain) using a four-visit, ten-dose schedule following the EAACI recommendations at two different Immunotherapy Units in Andalusia. Seventy-two per cent of them had rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma, and the remaining 28% exclusively rhinoconjunctivitis. Our purpose was to achieve the maxium dose recommended by the manufacturer. Results: The patients performed a total of 585 visits of the Immunotherapy Units and received 1,433 doses. Six patients (4.3%) evidenced as many immediate local reactions (0.4% of all injections), and one patient (0.7%) had a mild systemic reaction (0,07% of all doses) consisting of urticarial exanthema. All patients achieved the maintenance dose proposed by the manufacturer, with no dropouts or exclusions. Conclusions: The analysed schedule represents a considerable savings in number of visits, is well tolerated by the patients and evidences a safety profile allowing its routine use. It is proposed that further studies be carried out in order to assess its usefulness in improving efficacy and in order to assess its mechanism of action.
Quantification in mass units of group 1 grass allergens by a monoclonal antibody-based sandwich ELISA; Background: Grass pollen extracts currently used for allergy diagnosis and immunotherapy are a complex mixture of proteins of which only a few have allergenic activity. Lol p 1 is one of the most important allergens in grass pollen extracts. Objectives: To develop a two-site enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for the quantification of Lol p 1 and other group 1 allergens from grass species, and to assess its suitability for quantifying this group of allergens. Methods: Balb/c mice immunized with recombinant Lol p 1 were used for the production of monoclonal antibodies. Screening of hybridomas was performed by direct ELISA, and selected monoclonal antibodies were immobilized on ELISA plates and incubated with samples containing group 1 allergens. Bound allergens were detected by a combination of biotinylated Lol p 1-specific monoclonal antibody and peroxidase-streptavidin conjugate. Results: The assay is based on three Lol p 1-specific monoclonal antibodies with different epitope specificities. The optimized ELISA measured Lol p 1 concentrations ranging from 125 to 1000 ng/mL and could quantify group 1 allergen from grass species belonging to the Pooidea subfamily. The assay does not depend on anti-sera production or availability of human sera and thus reactives can be produced in unlimited amounts. Conclusion: This sensitive and specific Lol p 1 assay will be helpful both for quantifying the group 1 allergen content of Pooideae pollen extracts intended for clinical use and for studying cross-reactivities among pollen extracts.
Nasal immunotherapy at constant dosage: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study in grass-allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; A preliminary open study showed that intranasal immunotherapy can be administered with a constant dosage scheduling, with good safety and efficacy. In the present study the efficacy of constant dosage intranasal immunotherapy has been evaluated on 43 grass-allergic rhinitis patients according to a double-blind placebo-controlled design. The product employed for the study had a formulation in powder, and was administrated by a nasal insufflator. Clinical efficacy was evaluated for each symptom, taking into consideration the severity of the symptom in relation to its frequency. Sneezing, rhinorrea, nasal blockage, eyes itching, and drug consumption were significantly improved in active-treated patients compared to placebo-treated. The safety of this treatment was good, the only adverse events observed being some local and mild symptoms. This immunotherapy was well-tolerated and easy to handle by the patients by self-administration.
Rush immunotherapy with the standardised grass-pollen extract in children with mild allergic asthma. A comparison of two premedication regimens; Rush immunotherapy (RIT) is a variant of the initial phase of allergen-specific immunotherapy. The build-up phase is shortened to several days, but this can be accompanied by systemic adverse reactions to the allergen administered. Grass-pollen allergens cause systemic reactions most often. The aim of our study was to evaluate systemic reactions to different doses of allergen and to different premedication regimens (with or without a middle dose of oral steroids) during a four-day RIT in children with mild asthma. Twenty nine children underwent RIT with a standardised vaccine of 6 grass-pollen and rye extracts. The target dose for children 6 to 15 years old was 40 000 SQ-U during 4 days. Two regimens of premedication were used to prevent systemic reactions as follows: fifteen children with mild asthma were given loratadine and SR theophylline and the control group of fourteen children received, in addition, prednisone at a daily dose of 1 mg/kg. SR theophylline was administered at a dose that resulted in a therapeutic serum level of 8-20 mg/l. A dose of 2 000 SQ-U was achieved in all children without any adverse reaction. Twelve children (41%) had a systemic reaction, but they all continued the maintenance therapy. The incidence of systemic reactions per injection was 2.6%. The numbers of urticarious and asthmatic reactions were 10 (34%) and 6 (21%), respectively. There were no anaphylactic or severe asthmatic reactions. Premedication with a middle dose of oral corticosteroids did not influence the number of systemic reactions.
Sublingual tryptase and ECP in children treated with grass pollen sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT): Safety and immunologic implications; Background: The clinical safety of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) has been repeatedly confirmed
Allergen immunotheraphy - A position paper of the German society for allergology and clinical immunology; Mechanisms of allergen immunotherapy (AIT) are complex inducing numerous immunological effects. Successful AIT is most likely based on a functional switch of and tolerance induction in specific T cells downregulating allergic hypersensitivity and inflammation. Subcutaneous AIT for allergic rhinoconjunctivitis and allergic asthma has been successfully assessed in controlled studies with several clinically important allergens (i.e. birch-, grass- and mugwortpollen, dust mites, animal dander) and has shown convincing clinical efficacy. Considered as the only causal treatment besides allergen avoidance at present, AIT can alter the natural course of allergic diseases. Hymenopteravenom hypersensitivity (to bee- and wasp venom) treated with AIT gives the best results compared to AIT with other allergens. AIT is indicated in patients with IgE-mediated sensitizations and corresponding clinical symptoms to allergens, which do not or hardly permit allergen avoidance and which are available as suitable extracts. Decisions about indication and allergen selection should only be made by a physician with certified training or qualified knowledge and skills in allergology. AIT is administered by physicians experienced in this therapy. After adressing tolerability and present status of health the recommended or individually adjusted does is injected and precisely documented, followed by a mandatory waiting period of 30 minutes. Indication for and application of AIT in children are quite similar compared to the treatment of adults. Children tolerate AIT very well and benefit especially from its immunomodulatory effects. Risk factors for and results of unwanted systemic effects can effectively be minimized by training of the staff members involved, adhering to safety standards and immediate emergency treatment. Modified allergens, recombinant proteins and immunomodulatory adjuvants created by basic research are promises for an improved efficacy of AIT with reduced unwanted effects in the future.
IFN-γ and IL-12 plasmid DNAs as vaccine adjuvant in a murine model of grass allergy; Background: Plasmids encoding cytokines such as IFN-γ and IL-12 are potential genetic adjuvants that might increase the effectiveness of allergen vaccines. Objective: The role of plasmids expressing the cytokines IFN-γ (pIFN-γ) and/or IL-12 (pIL-12) as adjuvants in modulating allergic immune responses, inflammation, and asthma was investigated in a murine model of Kentucky blue grass (KBG) allergy. Methods: Groups of naive B6D2F1 mice were vaccinated subcutaneously with KBG allergens and administered intramuscularly with pIFN-γ, pIL-12, pIFN-γ plus pIL-12, or a vector control. Mice were then sensitized with KBG allergens in alum (intraperitoneally) and later challenged intranasally. Mice were examined for modulation of specific immunity, prevention of the development of airway hyperresponsiveness, and inflammation. Results: Mice vaccinated with cytokine plasmid adjuvants had relatively lower levels of total serum IgE and higher levels of grass allergen - specific IgG2a in comparison with control mice. The lowest IgE and highest IgG2a levels were found in mice vaccinated with the combination of pIFN-γ and pIL-12 as an adjuvant. The vaccination of mice with both pIFN-γ and pIL-12 as an adjuvant induced the highest level of TH1 cytokines, IFN-γ, and IL-2 in comparison with mice given either of the plasmids alone. The most profound decrease in airway hyperresponsiveness and pulmonary inflammation was observed in mice receiving both pIFN-γ and pIL-12 as an adjuvant. Conclusion: These results demonstrate that pIFN-γ and pIL-12 together provide an effective adjuvant to parenteral grass allergen vaccines and show that this adjuvant can significantly enhance the effectiveness of allergen immunotherapy in human beings.
Efficacy of specific immunotherapy in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis, sensitized to grass pollen; The aim of this study was the evaluation of efficacy of the specific immunotherapy using Pollinex for 3 years before the period of pollen dust in children with seasonal allergic rhinitis and conjunctivitis induced by grass pollen. The study was carried out in a group of 40 children aged 5-18 years, from the Outpatient Department of Immunology at the National Research Institute of Mother and Child. The children demonstrated clinical symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis with conjunctivitis and had a medical history typical for this disease. Diagnostic procedures including skin prick tests and estimation of specific IgE to grass pollen by Pharmacia - CAP system, gave positive results. The efficacy of therapy was monitored by a clinical score with 4-0 points, recording symptoms relating to intensity of rhinoedema, rhinorrhea, sneezing, itching, oedema, conjunctival congestion, pain and lacrimation. In the study group, 39 children (97%) with seasonal rhinitis and conjunctivitis treated by specific immunotherapy (Pollinex) improved. This was confirmed by a statistically significant difference. The results indicate that the specific immunotherapy is an effective treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis with conjunctivitis in children sensitized to grass pollen.
Immunotherapy with a calcium phosphate-adsorbed five-grass-pollen extract in seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Calcium phosphate-adsorbed allergen extracts are used for subcutaneous immunotherapy to avoid the use of aluminium adjuvants. Objectives: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed in order to confirm the safety and assess the efficacy of a standardized five-grass-pollen extract adsorbed onto calcium phosphate for specific immunotherapy (IT). Methods: Twenty-nine patients with seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis were randomized to receive either the active preparation (16 patients) or placebo (13 patients), in a 1-year study. During the increasing dose phase, an extract ranging from 0.1 IR per ml to 50 IR per ml was administered at a rate of one subcutaneous injection per week until a maintenance dose was reached. The patients were assessed by symptom diary and rescue medications during seasonal exposure and specific nasal and skin reactivity before and after IT. Immunological parameters (specific IgE and IgG4 antibodies) were assessed before, during and after IT. Results: The overall symptoms score (mean AUC) was not significantly different between the IT group and the placebo group during grass-pollen exposure (49.6 vs. 56, respectively). The total medication score (mean AUC) was significantly lower in the IT group than in the placebo group (11 vs. 41, P < 0.01, Mann-Whitney U-test). The cumulative symptom/medication score was significantly lower in the IT group than in the placebo group (64.5 vs. 102.3, P < 0.05, U-test). A significant increase in nasal reactivity threshold was observed after IT in the IT group (21. 4 IR/mL before IT vs. 63.4 IR/mL after IT, P < 0.01, Wilcoxon), whereas no significant changes were observed in the placebo group (31.0 IR/mL before IT vs. 37.7 IR/mL after IT). IT induced a significant reduction in grass pollen cutaneous reactivity in the actively treated group (P < 0.001). A significant increase in serum-specific IgG4 antibody response was observed in the IT group (3.1% before IT vs. 10.1% after IT, P < 0.001). Nine patients in the IT group developed moderate immediate systemic reactions vs. two patients in the placebo group. Conclusion: Specific immunotherapy with calcium phosphate-adsorbed standardized grass pollen extract was safe and effective for the treatment of patients with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis.
A present state of the specific immunotherapy (Hyposensitizaton, Vaccination) of allergic diseases (Clinical Analysis of 618 Treated Allergic Patients); The allergen specific immunotherapy/hyposensitization/vaccination is a corner-stone of the complex treatment of allergic diseases. No better treatment contemporary allergology could offer to people suffering of atopic hypersensitivity. The aim of the study is to analyze the clinical results after 3-5 years subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy (SIT) carried out on 618 atopic patients with bronchial asthma (308), allergic rhinitis (130) and pollinosis (180). The SIT has been carried out using different allergens: house dust mites, grass pollens, moulds and bee venom. The efficiency of SIT has been assessed by the following criteria using a score system: dispnea, cough, expectoration, sneezing, rhinorea, conjunctivitis and used of drugs. The study has revealed that in about 70% of the all treated patients there are very good and good clinical results, 14% have some improvement and 16% haven't any change of the symptoms. The SIT is most successful in patients with pollinosis and with bee venom allergy- more than 90% of them have shown very good and good clinical results. When SIT is based on properly selected patients, using well defined allergens and is carried out minimum 3 years applying individual approach, patients and doctors will enjoy good clinical results.
Specific immunotherapy in rhinitis and asthma; Objective: The primary objective of this review is to discuss the efficacy of immunotherapy on combined lung and nasal symptoms, as well as data suggesting that allergen-specific immunotherapy (SIT) may, by altering the natural course of allergic disease, have a preventive effect on rhinitis and asthma. Data Sources: A review of literature published on allergen-specific immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and asthma was performed. The review represents a synthesis of these sources and the expert opinion of the author. Study Selection: The expert opinion of the authors was used to select the relevant data for the review. Results: Epidemiologic studies have consistently shown that asthma and rhinitis often co-exist in the same patients, and rhinitis often precedes the onset of asthma. SIT has been shown to be effective as a curative treatment for these allergic diseases, but there is increasing evidence indicating that SIT also may have a preventive effect. A study of children monosensitized to house dust mites showed that immunotherapy altered the natural course of allergy in preventing the development of additional sensitizations. Conclusions: At present, SIT seems to be the only treatment that may modify the course of the disease, either by preventing the development of new sensitivities or by altering the natural history of asthma. When SIT is introduced to patients with only allergic rhinoconjunctivitis, it may stop the development of asthma. SIT should be started early in the disease process, as soon as allergy has been diagnosed, to modify the spontaneous long-term progress of the allergic inflammation and disease.
Controlled study of preseasonal immunotherapy with grass pollen extract in tablets: Effect on bronchial hyperreactivity; Background: Based on experimental results, the sublingual route for immunotherapy (IT) has been accepted as a viable alternative to the injection route, but few data on the effects on asthma are so far available. Objective: In the present open controlled trial we evaluated whether a preseasonal IT with grass polllen in orosoluble tablets added to pharmacotherapy, can improve non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity. The clinical efficacy was evaluated as well. Methods: Fifty-one patients (mean age 27.4 years) suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis and/or mild-intermittent/mild-persistent asthma due to grass pollen were allocated to two groups receiving pharmacotherapy alone (n = 25) or pharmacotherapy plus IT in tablets (n = 26). A methacholine test was performed in asthmatic subjects out of the pollen seasons at baseline and after 3 years of treatment. Symptom scores and drug intake were evaluated during pollen seasons by a diary card. Results: A significant increase p = .01) in the PD20 at the methacholine test was observed in the IT group compared to the control group. A significant clinical improvement both for rhinitis (p = .001) and asthma (p = .001) was observed in the IT group, and this improvement was paralleled by a clear-cut reduction of drug intake (p = .001). An improvement of rhinitis symptoms without modification of drug intake was seen in the control group (p = .01) The treatment was well tolerated and no relevant side effect was reported during the 3 years. Conclusion: The investigated local IT reduced the nonspecific bronchial hyperreactivity. Furthermore, it was clinically effective and safe.
Grass pollen immunotherapy: Symptomatic improvement correlates with reductions in eosinophils and IL-5 mRNA expression in the nasal mucosa during the pollen season; Background: Tissue eosinophilia and infiltration by TH2-type T cells are characteristic features of allergic rhinitis both after allergen challenge and during natural allergen exposure. Specific immunotherapy inhibits allergen-induced nasal eosinophilia. Objectives: We sought to assess, in the context of a randomized trial, the relationships between symptomatic improvement after immunotherapy and eosinophil numbers and IL-5 expression in the nasal mucosa during the pollen season. Methods: Nasal biopsy specimens were taken from 37 adults with severe summer hay fever at baseline (out of season) and at peak season after 2 years of treatment with a depot grass pollen extract or placebo. Biopsy specimens were processed for immunohistochemistry by using mAbs against eosinophils (EG2), T cells (CD3), and IL-2 receptor-positive cells (CD25), as well as for in situ hybridization by using a sulfur 35-labeled antisense riboprobe directed against IL-5. Results: Immunotherapy significantly reduced symptoms (49%, P = .01) and medication requirements (80%, P = .007) compared with placebo. There was a 400% increase (P = .004) in eosinophils during the pollen season in placebo-treated patients, which was inhibited in the immunotherapy group (20% increase, P = .04 between groups). Seasonal increases were also observed for CD25+ cells (P = .002), CD3+ cells (P = .02), and IL-5 mRNA-expressing cells (P = .03) in the placebo group but not in the immunotherapy group. A significant correlation was observed between eosinophils and IL-5 expression (r = 0.5, P < .05). Both eosinophiis (r = 0.6, P < .02) and IL-5 (r = 0.6, P < .02) correlated with symptoms after immunotherapy. Conclusion: Improvement in symptoms after grass pollen immunotherapy may result, at least in part, from inhibition of IL-5-dependent tissue eosinophilia during the pollen season.
Peripheral blood lymphocyte subpopulations in patients with pollen allergy after specific immunotherapy; The aim of this study was to evaluate peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets in pollen-sensitive patients during specific immunotherapy (SIT). The three groups of patients were examined: group I - patients who had not received immunotherapy (n=17), group II - patients who received immunotherapy with very good or good clinical response (n=17) and group III - desensitized with doubtful results (n=8). Group II was divided into 2 subgroups - 12 persons treated for 3 years with good or very good results and 5 persons treated for 1 year with marked improvement. The majority of desensitized patients had received preseasonally a grass pollen extract- Allergovit. CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, CD19+ and NK cells were determined by flow cytometry method. The study was carried out during natural allergen exposure (June/July). In comparison with the untreated group, the percent of CD3+ cells was significantly lower (63,5±6,2 vs. 69,3±5,8%
Does allergen immunotherapy alter the natural course of allergic disorders?; Allergy in patients with atopy is caused by clinical adverse reactions to environmental antigen, which is often associated with allergen-specific immunoglobulin (Ig)E production. Since allergy reflects an inappropriate immunological reaction, a therapeutic approach related to immunology is likely to actively alter the natural course of allergic disorders. Allergen immunotherapy, known at various times as desensitisation or hyposensitisation, is very recently defined by the World Health Organization as therapeutic, vaccines for allergic diseases. At present, it has become a common clinical practice in selected patients for the treatment and prevention of the recurrence of allergic disorders caused by insect venoms and has proven to be effective in changing the course of allergic responses induced by grass and tree pollen, animal hair and dander, house dust mite and mold, as demonstrated by improvement in clinical symptoms, skin prick test and medication scores. Reported effects of allergen immunotherapy on the natural course of allergic disorders include (i) prevention of reaction following re-sting in insect venom allergy
Grass pollen immunotherapy for seasonal rhinitis and asthma: A randomized, controlled trial; Background: Grass pollen immunotherapy significantly reduces hay fever symptoms and medication requirements. Effects on seasonal asthma are less clear, and concerns over safety persist. Objective: The goal of this study was to assess the effects of grass pollen immunotherapy on symptoms, bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and quality of life in seasonal rhinitis and asthma. Methods: Forty-four patients with severe summer hay fever (of whom 36 reported seasonal chest symptoms and 28 had seasonal bronchial hyperresponsiveness) participated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group study. After symptom monitoring for one summer, participants received injections of a depot grass pollen vaccine (n = 22) or matched placebo injections (n = 22) in a rapid updosing cluster regimen for 4 weeks, followed by monthly injections for 2 years. Outcome measures included hay fever symptoms and medication use, health-related quality of life, and measurements of nonspecific bronchial responsiveness. Results: Significant reductions were observed in the immunotherapy group compared with the placebo group in hay fever symptoms (49%, 15%
Can HLA typing predict the outcome of grass pollen immunotherapy?; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between HLA molecules and the positive or negative response of atopic patients to specific immunotherapy (SIT). Methods: We studied 42 atopic multisensitive patients undergoing grass pollen immunotherapy, 42 parents of patients (30 mothers and 12 fathers) and 173 control individuals. HLA class I and class II antigens were typed by a microlymphocytotoxicity test. The typing of DRB1* alleles for atopic patients and their parents was based on the reverse hybridization principle, while for the control group, DNA-RFLP and PCR-SSP methods were used. Results: The frequency of B14 and DRB1* 1101-4 antigens/alleles, as well as the A2B5DR11 haplotype, showed a statistically significant difference in those patients who responded to immunotherapy. On the other hand, HLA-A28, B8 and DRB1* 0301 antigens/alleles, as well as the frequency of the A1B8 and A1B8DR3 haplotypes, were found to be significantly higher in patients who responded poorly to SIT. Discussion: Our findings support the hypothesis that treatment responsiveness may show an association to HLA molecules, which could thus play a role in the immunological selection and monitoring of atopic patient candidacy for SIT. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Quality of life and compliance of patients treated with specific immunotherapy using grass and rye allergens (LQC study); To consider the patient's perspective becomes more and more important when assessing the success of specific immunotherapy (SIT), especially with regard to pharmacoeconomic aspects. Aim of the LQC study was to investigate the quality of life and compliance of patients treated with SIT. In 106 pratices of allergy specialists, 1257 patients were treated with molecular standardized grass and rye. allergens (ALK-depot SQ, ALK-SCHERAX, Hamburg, Germany) during an open multicenter study. The disease-specific quality of life was measured by Juniper's Rhinitis Quality of Life Questionnaire (RQLQ) and the general quality of life by Bullinger's questionnaire, 'Alltagsleben' before and after one year of SIT. The compliance was assessed according to the treatment protocol recorded durin SIT. The mean score of the RQLQ for all domains decreased from 2.88 before SIT to 1.67 after one year of SIT corresponding to a significant improvement of the disease-specific quality of life by 1.21 score units (p < 0.001)
Evolution in the understanding of cross-reactivities of respiratory allergens: The role of recombinant allergens; The aim of this review is to show the impact of the use of purified and recombinant allergens to discriminate between co- and cross-sensitization to respiratory allergens. The author describes the evolution of diagnostic tests over the last decades
A Th1 inducing adjuvant, MPL®, safely provides a reduction in length of a pollen allergy vaccination course; A new well-tolerated grass pollen allergy vaccine incorporating a Th-1 inducing adjuvant was shown to be efficacious afer only four injections. This approach supports the use of immunotherapy more widely for the treatment of allergy. The principle is being extended to treat allergy to other pollens and to dust mites.
Preseasonal local allergoid immunotherapy to grass pollen in children: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial; Background: We assessed the efficacy of preseasonal local allergoid immunotherapy in a group of children with asthma and/or rhinitis and/or rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen. Methods: We randomly assigned 24 children allergic to grass pollen to receive local allergoid immunotherapy for 3 months before the pollen season and 24 such patients to receive identically appearing placebo. The immunotherapy consisted of tablets of monomeric allergoid grass pollen allergens held in the mouth until they dissolved and then swallowed. The study was double-blind. Symptoms and medications were scored on diary cards during the pollen season. Nasal eosinophil cationic protein levels were measured by the monoclonal antibodies EG1 and EG2 outside the pollen season and at low and at high pollen concentration during the pollen season. Results: The active-treatment group had a statistically significant reduction of total symptoms (P < 0.05), especially bronchial symptoms (P < 0.05), in comparison with the placebo group. Immunotherapy was well tolerated and compliance was good. Nasal levels of EG2 and EG1 increased significantly during the pollen season, but there was no difference between groups. EG2/EG1 increased significantly only in the placebo group during natural allergen exposure (P < 0.01). Conclusions: Our results suggest that this immunotherapy is effective for the treatment of asthma due to grass pollen in children.
Clinical efficacy of the whole year and preseasonal immunotherapy protocols in grass pollen allergy with Catalet T vaccine; Standard protocols for pollinosis immuntherapy (IT) recommend that vaccines should be used prior to the pollen season. However, in some vaccines also the whole-year lasting treatment protocols for pollinosis IT have been worked out. The aim of this study was to compare the clinical effects of two schedules of immunotherapy with Catalet T vaccine (Biomed, Krakow, Poland): the classical mode that precedes pollen season and the continuous schedule with decreased dose during pollen season in patients with pollinosis. The study results indicate that continuous pollinosis IT with Catalet T revealed significantly increased clinical efficacy if compared with the preseasonal type immunotherapy. Both protocols demonstrated similar safety and required comparable periods of time.
Preventive symptomatic immunotherapy versus placebo in seasonal rhinitis due to grasses in children and to parietaria in adult patients; Background: EPD is the only preventive symptomatic immunotherapy available on the market and approved by competent bodies. Recent double-blind placebo controlled (DBPC) studies have demonstrated its efficacy in seasonal and perennial rhinitis. The aim of the study was to confirm the efficacy and safety of a single dose of immunotherapy administered six-eight weeks before the pollen season. Methods: Two simultaneous DBPC trials were carried out. The first consisted of 20 children with grass-pollen seasonal rhinitis (Bollate-Milano, Italy) and the second included 30 adult patients with Parietaria-pollen seasonal rhinitis (Genova, Italy). EPD was administered only to the active groups. Results: A significant difference in favour of the active treatment groups was seen in oral antihistamine use (p < 0.05) during the peak pollen seasons. Throughout the pollen seasons, rhinoconjunctivitis scores for the two groups in both studies presented no significant difference, even if the values were lower in the active groups. Conclusions : The oral antihistamine reduction, observed in the active groups during the seasonal period, supports the efficacy of this treatment, although a significant improvement in the rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms was not observed, probably due to the use of oral antihistamine in the placebo groups. The overall profile of the EPD was good. It could be particularly suited for short term therapy to prevent seasonal symptoms in allergic patients.
Comparison of response to immunotherapy by intradermal skin test and antigen-specific IgE in canine atopy.; The intradermal skin test (IDST) and serologic allergy test (SAT) has been developed for confirming a diagnosis of canine atopy and determining allergens for immunotherapy. To determine the prevalence of causative allergens for canine atopic dermatitis in Japan, IDST and SAT were performed with the CMG Immunodot strips on 95 atopic dogs using 9 allergens. In addition, we compared agreement rate, sensitivity and specificity between them (using IDST as the standard). The allergen most commonly positive in both tests was house dust mites (IDST: 69.5%, SAT: 48.4%). Moreover, Japanese cedar, mugwort and grass mix were detected as attendant causative allergens. Agreement rates between the two tests ranged from 67.4% to 96.8%
T cell reactivity with allergoids: Influence of the type of APC; The use of allergoids for allergen-specific immunotherapy has been established for many years. The characteristic features of these chemically modified allergens are their strongly reduced IgE binding activity compared with the native form and the retained immunogenicity. T cell reactivity of chemically modified allergens is documented in animals, but in humans indirect evidence of reactivity has been concluded from the induction of allergen-specific IgG during immunotherapy. Direct evidence of T cell reactivity was obtained recently using isolated human T cells. To obtain further insight into the mechanism of action of allergoids, we compared the Ag-presenting capacity of different APC types, including DC and macrophages, generated from CD14+ precursor cells from the blood of grass pollen allergic subjects, autologous PBMC, and B cells. These APC were used in experiments together with Phl p 5-specific T cell clones under stimulation with grass pollen allergen extract, rPhl p 5b, and the respective allergoids. Using DC and macrophages, allergoids exhibited a pronounced and reproducible T cell- stimulating capacity. Responses were superior to those with PBMC, and isolated B cells failed to present allergoids. Considerable IL-12 production was observed only when using the DC for Ag presentation of both allergens and allergoids. The amount of IL-10 in supernatants was dependent on the phenotype of the respective T cell clone. High IL-10 production was associated with suppressed IL-12 production from the DC in most cases. In conclusion, the reactivity of Th cells with allergoids is dependent on the type of the APC.
Local nasal immunotherapy: Efficacy and tolerability of two different administration schedules in grass pollen rhinitis; Background: efficacy and safety of local nasal immunotherapy has been demonstrated by many placebo-controlled clinical trials. The treatment schedule consists of an induction phase at increasing dosages followed by a maintenance phase. Aim of present study has been to evaluate a new simplified treatment schedule at constant dosage. Methods and results: 26 grass-allergic rhinitic patients have been treated according to the new constant dosage schedule, while 15 patients in a control group were treated with conventional incremental dosage schedule. A commercial preparation of allergens incorporated into powder (Allerkin®).The total cumulative dosage administered with conventional schedule resulted higher than simplified constant schedule (5,025 vs 3,000 AU). To evaluate efficacy, symptom and rescue medication scores were recorded during the spring pollen season, and a subjective overall evaluation was asked to the patients at the end of the season. The analysis of scores showed that the two treatment schedules were equivalent as regards both efficacy and safety, being side effects light and restricted to the administration site (sneezing). Conclusions: the use of a constant dosage schedules is suggested for the administration of local nasal immunotherapy, having as advantage a better simplicity. Avoidance of mistakes in dosages is considered important in a therapy which is self-administered by patients.
Preventive immunotherapy; Allergen specific immunotherapy has been shown to be effective in rigorous double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials in both children and adults A recent WHO position paper stated that immunotherapy is an effective treatment for patients with allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis, allergic asthma and allergic reactions from stinging insects and is thought to be more effective in children than in adults. When speaking about children there are several questions that are important regarding the natural course of the disease. One of the most important is whether immunotherapy can prevent asthma, either by preventing sensitisation to allergens related to the development of asthma or by preventing the inflammation in the lungs caused by allergen exposure. Another point could be to establish the differences in the long term outcome of those patients treated with immunotherapy and medication during childhood, compared to the long term outcome of those with comparable asthma features who received only antiasthmatic medication The PAT study is a European multi-center study. The end-point is to show in what capacity allergen specific subcutaneous immunotherapy can prevent the development of asthma in children who only have rhinoconjunctivitis secondary to grass or birch pollen sensitisation. Two hundred and ten children aged from 5 to 13 years were included in the study. Children were randomised to the active treatment group receiving allergen specific immunotherapy with birch and/or timothy pollen allergen extract or to the control group receiving only pharmacotherapy. It is important to highlight that the main criteria to be included was that the children should never have had any asthmatic symptom. Immunotherapy has been effective in terms of decreasing significantly the amount of symptoms in the active group compared to the control one. It was safe with no serious adverse reactions and reduced the risk of the onset of asthma. After two years of treatment more children in the control group developed clinical asthma than in the active group: p = 0.004. Des Roches et al reported the results of a prospective non randomised trial of immunotherapy with Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus in 44 asthmatic children younger than six years of age who were sensitive only to dust mites. The purpose of the study was to assess whether immunotherapy could reduce the development of new sensitisation during a period of three years of follow up. Specific immunotherapy was given with only D. Pteronyssinus extract. All 22 children in the control group developed new sensitivities as determined by skin testing and in vitro tests, while 10 (45%) of 22 children who received mite immunotherapy did not develop additional sensitivities. The findings of this study suggests that immunotherapy may alter the natural course of the allergic sensitisation reducing the risk of developing new sensitisation in mono sensitive children. A limited number of studies have examined the long terms effects of immunotherapy on the clinical presentation of asthma and rhinoconjunctivitis, and have shown a long lasting efficacy decreasing the amount of symptoms 6-10 years after termination. In a retrospective study of children treated with immunotherapy during childhood for at least three years, that were re-evaluated in early adulthood, the control patients who were treated with medication and no immunotherapy suffered almost 3.5 times more symptoms than the active group treated with immunotherapy. The current findings suggest that immunotherapy should be considered earlier in the course of allergic disease to prevent progression or to prevent the development of new sensitisation. Further studies with long term follow up particularly in children could address this possibility.
Distribution of specific serum IgE to recombinant pollen allergens (rPhlp1, rPhlp2, rPhlp5, and rBetv2) and their relationship to each other and to their natural counterparts in patients allergic to grass pollen; Recombinant pollen allergens rPhlp1, rPhlp2, rPhlp5, and rBetv2 may function as effective markers of atopy and account for a substantial proportion of grass pollen-specific IgE. The purpose of the present study was to determine the frequency of IgE antibodies to rPhlp1, rPhlp2, rPhlp5 and rBetv2 in patients allergic to grass pollen. Blood was taken from 436 patients, aged 4-70 years, with allergy to grass. The sample was stratified by 10-year age groups. Specific serum IgE were measured by the immunoenzymatic CAP Fluoroenzyme Immunoassay System. Specific IgE binding to rPhlp1, rPhlp5, rPhlp2, was, respectively, detected in 388 (88.9%), 353 (80.9%) and 265 (60.7%) of 436 patients. Sera from 252 patients (57.7%) showed IgE binding to rPhlp1, rPhlp2 and rPhlp5
Safety of sublingual-swallow immunotherapy in children and adults; Background: Immunotherapy is an established treatment of allergic diseases. The safety of this treatment, particularly when administered without direct medical surveillance, as in the case of the sublingual-swallow route needs to be established. The aim of this paper is to review the safety of the sublingual-swallow immunotherapy as reported in eight double-blind, placebo-controlled trials carried out in France, Italy and Greece. Methods: Six hundred and ninety subjects, 472 adults and 218 children, took part in trials of specific immunotherapy (SIT) for the treatment of rhinoconjunctivitis and/or asthma. Three hundred and forty-seven patients received SIT and 343 patients received placebo. Treatment with specific immunotherapy with allergen extracts or placebo was administered using the sublingual-swallow technique. The allergens administered were grass, ambrosia, parietaria and olive pollens, and mites. The daily dose taken during maintenance therapy ranged from 100 to 300 IR (index of reactivity) and cumulative doses ranged from 4500 to 104,000 IR. Treatment duration ranged from 4 months to 2 years. Adverse events reported either spontaneously by the patient or on direct questioning by the investigator were analysed. Results: One hundred and forty-five unusual events were reported in the subjects receiving active SIT and 79 in those receiving placebo (p < 0.001). Of these 85 were children aged 15 years or less (50 received active SIT, 35 placebo) and 139 were adults (95 received SIT, 44 placebo). Unusual events involving the buccal cavity (61 SIT, 13 placebo) and the gastro-intestinal tract (47 SIT, 15 placebo) were significantly more frequent in the SIT-treated patients (p < 0.001). Wheezing (9 SIT, 21 placebo) was more frequent in the placebo-treated patients (p < 0.05). There were no differences in the frequency of unusual events between adults and children and in the frequency of events involving other body systems. No event was reported as serious. Two events reported as laryngeal oedema were not considered to be accurate descriptions. Conclusions: No serious adverse event was reported in the studies monitored, confirming the good safety profile of the sublingual-swallow method both in children and adults with rhinitis or moderate asthma. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Evaluation of IgE antibodies to recombinant pollen allergens (Phl p 1, Phl p 2, and Phl p 5) in a random sample of patients with specific IgE to Phleum pratense; Background: We measured specific IgE levels against the recombinant allergens (RAs) rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, and rPhl p 5 in patients allergic to grass pollen, and examined the existence of different patterns of IgE production to RAs. The seasonal variations of IgE levels to rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, and rPhl p 5 were considered, too. Methods: Blood was taken from 276 consecutive patients with allergy to grass pollen diagnosed by patient history and skin prick testing. Total and specific serum IgE was measured by the immunoenzymatic CAP FEIA System. Eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) were assessed by radioimmunoassay according to the instructions of the manufacturers. Results: We observed eight different patterns of IgE production to rPhl p 1, rPhl p 2, and rPhl p 5 in patients with specific IgE to timothy grass. A significant difference between the values of IgE levels to timothy and the sum of each level of specific IgE to individual RAs was found (P = 0.039, Wilcoxon matched pairs test) in the whole population (n = 276 subjects). In four subgroups of patients, the sum of each level of specific IgE to individual RAs was equal to the levels of specific IgE to timothy grass extract. In one subgroup, the sum of IgE to RAs was lower than the levels of IgE to the natural counterpart (P = 0.013). A lack of subjects in two subgroups did not permit comparison at all. Finally, three subjects with specific IgE to timothy did not show specific IgE to RAs. Out of 276 patients, blood was taken from two different groups of subjects at different time points: November-January and May-July, respectively. The median values were as follows: total IgE = 139 kU/l, IgE to timothy = 10.2 kUA/l
Long-term effects of specific immunotherapy, administered during childhood, in asthmatic patients allergic to either house-dust mite or to both house-dust mite and grass pollen; In a retrospective study, asthmatic patients allergic to either house- dust mite (HDM) (Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus) (n = 34) or to both HDM and grass pollen (GP) (n = 14), and who were treated with specific immunotherapy (SIT) during childhood (mean duration of SIT: 61 ± 9.70 months), were re- evaluated in early adulthood after mean cessation of SIT for 9.3±2.76 years. The results were compared to those of a control group of asthmatic patients (n = 42) with comparable asthma features, who were treated with appropriate antiasthmatic drugs during childhood, but who never received SIT. Re- evaluation was carried out with a standardized questionnaire, skin prick tests (SPT), and lung-function assessments. At the time of re-evaluation, the mean age in the SIT-treated group was 23.1 ± 3.50 years
Immunotherapy for hayfever; When considering pollen immunotherapy, the benefits, side effects, cost and duration of symptomatic treatment and patient preference must be balanced against those of pharmacotherapy. At present, immunotherapy is recommended in the UK in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis who fail to respond to treatment with topical corticosteroids and antihistamines [2]. In Europe, pollen immunotherapy is considered an adjunct to drug therapy and is introduced earlier [4]. Allergen immunotherapy is a controversial treatment for asthma. It has been shown to be efficacious in pollen asthma and, particularly mite asthma in children [4]. Immunotherapy has not been shown in controlled trials to be effective in patients with perennial allergy associated with multiple allergic sensitivities [60]. The efficacy of immunotherapy has not been compared with pharmacologic treatment. In view of the potential for side effects in asthmatics, immunotherapy is not currently indicated within the UK for the treatment of perennial asthma. Novel approaches include the use of low-molecular-weight allergen peptide vaccines which retain the potential to alter T-cell responses whilst avoiding IgE cross-linking and therefore the possibility of serious IgE-mediated adverse events [58, 59].
Systemic immunological changes induced by administration of grass pollen allergens via the oral mucosa during sublingual immunotherapy; Twenty-four patients suffering from grass pollen allergy underwent sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) with standardized grass pollen extract for 1 year. In order to investigate immunological changes induced by the administration of allergens via the oral mucosa, the SLIT-spit method was applied. The cumulative dose of approximately 80 μg of major allergen (grass group 5 allergen), was relatively low. During the time of treatment, we could observe a significant increase in the levels of specific IgG and IgG4 antibodies. However, the titers of allergen-specific IgE antibodies showed a significant increase in the course of SLIT as well. Analyzing lymphoproliferative responses, a significant decrease in reactivity in response to stimulation with complete grass pollen extract (p = 0.001) and to recombinant Phl p 1 (a major allergen of timothy grass, p < 0.001) could be observed, indicating the induction of immunological tolerance. Proliferative responses to a control antigen (tetanus toxoid) were not influenced by the treatment. At different time points during SLIT, allergen (Phl p 1)-specific T cell clones (TCC) were established from the peripheral blood of the patients. Cytokine production by allergen-stimulated T cells did not reveal any changes consistent with immune deviation, i.e. the ratio of Th1/Th2 TCC did not change during SLIT. In conclusion, we provide evidence that sublingual treatment leads to systemic changes in immunoreactivity to the administered allergen.
Reaginic sensitizations and birthdate according to family history; Background. - Atopy remains a hazy concept, as research in genetic markers is still not sufficiently elaborated due to multiple physiopathological mechanisms and mixing of patients. The aim of this work was to demonstrate this hypothesis by comparing birthdates according to family history and serum IgE to house dust mite and/or timothy grass pollen. Patients and methods. - Rasts d1 and g6 were measured in the serum of 5,468 subjects, 2 to 18 years of age. The quotient of sensitizations to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus and timothy grass pollen was established, month by month, according to family history. Representative curves were smoothed by computer. Results. - The circannual rhythm of quotients was remarkably similar within both groups of subjects with or without family history, with a time lag of 2 to 3 months. Subjects without family history were born 2 to 3 months before subjects with family history, i.e., they were 2 to 3 months older at the time of antigenic stimulation. Conclusion. - Mechanisms by which subjects have been sensitized, still unknown, happen in different times according to family history. These findings suggest several genetic factors.
Short-term immunotherapy--a survey of current studies; Immunotherapy (IT) plays a central role in the therapy of allergic rhinitis as it was proved to be causal and preventive. IT induces humoral and cellular changes in the immune system, a reduction of symptoms and a prophylactic effect regarding a possible expansion of the allergene spectrum and of involved organ systems. Regular therapeutic schedules include allergen injections starting immediately after the pollen season and ending just before the expected beginning of a season. Additionally, perseasonal and perennial therapy schemes have been used. In all these, a phase of dose-increase is followed by an individually adjusted steady-state preservation-phase. In perseasonal and perennial scheme the injections are given during the pollen season. The preseasonal shortterm-immunotherapy is another schedule. The increase of the injected allergen-dose is made very fast (most commonly during seven weeks), so that the phase of dose-increase is shortened considerably, and a preservation-phase does not take place. This shortterm-immunotherapy has been developed for patients who consult their doctor shortly before the start of the pollen season. The preseasonal shortterm-immunotherapy has been shown to be efficient regarding allergic rhinitis caused by grass-, rye-, birch-, hazel- and alder-pollen. Clinical and experimental data of two placebo-controlled trials and one open study are presented and the role of this new immunotherapy approach is discussed.
Grass pollen immunotherapy decreases the number of mast cells in the skin; Background Allergen injection immunotherapy is effective for summer hay fever and reduces cutaneous sensitivity to grass pollen. Objective: We have addressed whether this effect of immunotherapy may be due to a decrease in mast cell numbers in the skin. Methods: Total mast cells and mast cell subtypes in the dermis were measured by dual immunocytochemistry in 40 adult patients who had received either 'active' grass pollen immunotherapy or placebo injections for 9 months in a double-blind clinical trial. Results: Clinical improvement in hay fever was accompanied by a greater than 10-fold reduction in the immediate cutaneous response to grass pollen (P = 0.0002) and a sevenfold decrease in mast cell numbers in the skin (P= 0.0001). The number of mast cells after immunotherapy correlated with the clinical response in terms of seasonal symptoms (r = 0.61, P = 0.001) and rescue medication use (r = 0.75, P = 0.0001). Specific double immunostaining showed that the majority of mast cells (greater than 60%) were tryptase/chymase- positive (MC(TC)) and the remainder tryptase-only (MC(T)) cells. Following immunotherapy both subtypes were equally reduced. Conclusion: One mechanism by which immunotherapy may act is to reduce mast cell numbers with a consequent reduction in immediate allergic sensitivity.
Molecular, immunological, and structural characterization of Phl p 6, a major allergen and P-particle-associated protein from timothy grass (Phleum pratense) pollen; Due to the wide distribution and heavy pollen production of grasses, ~50% of allergic patients are sensitized against grass pollen allergens, cDNAs coding for two isoforms and four fragments of a major timothy grass (Phleum pratense) pollen allergen, Phl p 6, were isolated by IgE immunoscreening from a pollen expression cDNA library. Recombinant Phl p 6 (rPhl p 6), an acidic protein of 11.8 kDa, was purified to homogeneity as assessed by mass spectrometry and exhibited almost exclusive α-helical secondary structure as determined by circular dichroism spectroscopy. Phl p 6 reacted with serum IgE from 75% of grass pollen-allergic patients (n = 171). IgE binding experiments with rPhl p 6 fragments indicated that the N terminus of the allergen is required for IgE recognition. Purified rPhl p 6 elicited dose-dependent basophil histamine release and immediate type skin reactions in patients allergic to grass pollen. A rabbit antiserum raised against purified rPhl p 6 identified it as a pollen-specific protein that, by immunogold electron microscopy, was localized on the polysaccharide- containing wall-precursor bodies (P-particles). The association of Phl p 6 with P-particles may facilitate its intrusion into the deeper airways and thus be responsible for the high prevalence of IgE recognition of Phl p 6. Recombinant native-like Phl p 6 can be used for in vitro as well as in vivo diagnoses of grass pollen allergy, whereas N-terminal deletion mutants with reduced IgE binding capacity may represent candidates for immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy with a low risk of anaphylactic side effects.
Reactivity of T cells with grass pollen allergen extract and allergoid; Background: Successful allergen-specific immunotherapy is achieved with progressively increasing doses of allergen or allergoid. In order to gain further insight into the mechanism of action of allergoids several in vitro investigations were conducted. Methods: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from grass pollen allergic and nonallergic subjects were stimulated with either grass pollen extract or allergoid and the proliferation and cytokine production (IL-5, IFN-γ) were measured. Similar investigations were performed with Phl p 5-specific T cell lines (TCL) and clones (TCC). Dendritic cells and PBMC were compared in terms of their relative efficacies as antigen-presenting cells. Results: Both allergen and allergoid induced proliferation and Th2 and Th1 cytokine synthesis by PBMC of allergic subjects, whereas PBMC of nonallergic subjects did not produce IL-5. The maximum level of IL-5 was obtained with a lower concentration than was necessary for maximal IFN-γ production. Higher stimulation doses of allergen and allergoid shifted the cytokine profiles towards a Th1 phenotype. TCL and TCC clearly showed reactivity with both allergen and allergoid when using autologous PBMC for antigen presentation, but compared with the native allergen the reactivity of the allergoid was reduced with most of the TCC. Using dendritic cells for antigen presentation a pronounced increase of stimulation of the TCC especially for the allergoids becomes obvious. Conclusion: In common with grass pollen allergen the corresponding allergoids possess a strong allergen-specific T cell-stimulating capacity. However, the degree of T cell stimulation by the allergoid seems to be dependent on the type of the antigen-presenting cell. Both, allergen and allergoid, can modulate T cell responses in a dose-dependent manner.
Antigen specific immunoglobulin E to grass and weed pollens in the plasma of patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis; The study involved 22 patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis between 13 and 53 years of age. The level of antigen specific IgE (AS IgE) to 5 grass and 3 weed pollens was determined with the use of CAP FEIA (Pharmacia, Uppsala, Sweden). The control group consisted of 20 persons. All above AS IgE were significantly higher in the patients with seasonal allergic rhinithis than in the control group. The most commonly present hypersensitivities were to Meadow fescue (Festuca elatior), Meadow grass (Poa pratensis), Cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata), Ribwort (Plantago lanceolata) and Mugwort (Artemisia vulgaris) allergens. The authors believe that the pathomechanism of the development of seasonal allergic rhinithis is governed to a large degree by hypersensitivity to grass and weed pollens and suggest that precise determination of AS IgE to these allergens in patients blood sera should form the basis of the construction of the vaccine used in their immunotherapy.
Sublingual-swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) with a standardized five-grass- pollen extract (drops and sublingual tablets) versus placebo in seasonal rhinitis; Background: Recent studies have demonstrated the efficacy of sublingual- swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) in seasonal and perennial rhinitis. Sublingual administration of solutions is not convenient for all patients. The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of immunotherapy administered sublingually, initially as drops, and then as tablets during maintenance therapy. Methods: A total of 126 patients with grass-pollen seasonal rhinitis were included in this double-blind, randomized, placebo- controlled trial. During the progression of doses phase, the five-grass extract was given as sublingual drops from 1 to 100 IR/ml. Once the 100 IR dose was reached, the drops were replaced by a single 100-IR sublingual tablet per day. Results: Throughout the grass-pollen season, patients in the active treatment group had significantly lower (P < 0.05) total conjunctivitis and ocular redness scores. Rhinitis symptoms were not significantly different between the two groups. Patients given the active treatment were significantly (P < 0.02) less likely to have asthma symptoms. The global medication score showed no significant difference between the two groups. A highly significant difference in favor of the active treatment group was seen in inhaled salbutamol use (P < 0.01). Conclusions: Clinical benefits achieved during the present study included significant improvements in conjunctivitis symptoms and prevention of asthma symptoms. The overall safety profile of the active treatment (drops or tablets) was good.
Sublingual immunotherapy and influence on urinary leukotrienes in seasonal pediatric allergy; Sublingual immunotherapy has been suggested for the treatment of respiratory allergies. Many controversial studies have been reported on the efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy. The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate whether sublingual immunotherapy was effective according to clinical and laboratory results in pediatric allergies. Thirty-nine allergic, grass pollen sensitive children were admitted into the study. Sublingual immunotherapy was given over a 12-month period to 21 children (mean age 10.5 ± 3.3 years), 10 of whom had seasonal allergic rhinitis and 11 seasonal allergic asthma. During the same period, 18 children (mean age 11.1 ± 2.5 years), 10 with seasonal allergic rhinitis and eight with seasonal allergic asthma, received placebo. Symptom scores and drug requirements were recorded and urine samples were collected to detect urinary levels of leukotrienes (Uc-LTB4 and Uc-LTE4). In patients who received sublingual immunotherapy, the symptom scores of seasonal allergic rhinitis significantly decreased, but no statistically significant changes were observed in terms of symptoms of seasonal allergic asthma. Uc-LTE4 and Uc-LTB4 levels of seasonal allergic rhinitis, with a geometric mean and 95% confidence interval (CI), were significantly decreased from 216 (103-464) and 61 (22-198) pmol/mmol creatinine to 78 (29-159) and 35 (12-118) pmol/mmol creatinine, respectively (p < 0.05 and p < 0.05). On the other hand, Uc-LTE, and Uc-LTB, levels for seasonal allergic asthma were 180 (92-355) and 78 (44-258) pmol/mmol creatinine and decreased to 156 (72-402) and 69 (32-254) pmol/mmol creatinine, respectively. These changes were not statistically significant (p > 0.05). According to our clinical results and urinary levels of leukotrienes, which are mediators showing the severity of allergic inflammation, it can be suggested that sublingual immunotherapy may be useful in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis but not of seasonal allergic asthma.
Cutting edge: Identification of novel T cell epitopes in Lol p5a by computational prediction; Although atopic allergy affects ≤20% of the total population, the relationship between the protein structure and immunogenic activity of the allergens is still largely unknown. We observed that group 5 grass allergens are characterized by repeated structural motifs. Using a new algorithm, TEPITOPE, we predicted promiscuous HLA-DR ligands within the repeated motifs of the Lol p5a allergen from rye grass. In vitro binding studies confirmed the promiscuous binding characteristics of these peptides. Moreover, most of the predicted ligands were novel T cell epitopes that were able to stimulate T cells from atopic patients. We generated a panel of Lol p5a-specific T cell clones, the majority of which recognized the peptides in a cross-reactive fashion. The computational prediction of DR ligands might thus allow the design of T cell epitopes with potential useful application in novel immunotherapy strategies.
Long-term clinical efficacy of grass-pollen immunotherapy; Background: Pollen immunotherapy is effective in selected patients with IgE-mediated-seasonal allergic rhinitis, although it is questionable whether there is long-term benefit after the discontinuation of treatment. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the discontinuation of immunotherapy for grass-pollen allergy in patients in whom three to four years of this treatment had previously been shown to be effective. During the three years of this trial, primary outcome measures were scores for seasonal symptoms and the use of rescue medication. Objective measures included the immediate conjunctival response and the immediate and late skin responses to allergen challenge. Cutaneous-biopsy specimens obtained 24 hours after intradermal allergen challenge were examined for T- cell infiltration and the presence of cytokine-producing T helper cells (T(H)2 cells) (as evidenced by the presence of interleukin-4 messenger RNA). A matched group of patients with hay fever who had not received immunotherapy was followed as a control for the natural course of the disease. Results: Scores for seasonal symptoms and the use of rescue antiallergic medication, which included short courses of prednisolone, remained low after the discontinuation of immunotherapy, and there was no significant difference between patients who continued immunotherapy and those who discontinued it. Symptom scores in both treatment groups (median areas under the curve in 1995, 921 for continuation of immunotherapy and 504 for discontinuation of immunotherapy
Specific immunotherapy in stinging nettle pollen allergy; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only causal therapy for IgE-mediated allergic reactions. For more than 80 years it has been used successfully in treatment of respiratory allergy or sensitivity to hymenoptera venom. Before all success of SIT depends on the choice of the relevant allergen and on an early start in the course of the disease. Because of this, SIT can also tryed in less common pollen allergy providing the allergen is known and standardizable. For a good efficacy only physicians trained in allergology should prescribe the vaccine for SIT. We reported a 39 year old caucasian women suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis since the 13th year of life. Previously she had specific immunotherapy with an extract of 100% grass- and grain-pollens without success. Repeated allergological tests showed a sensitivity to alternaria and stinging nettle (urtica dioica). The specific nasal provocation confirmed the sensitivity to stinging nettle and preasaisonal SIT with this allergen resulted in a marked improvement in symptoms. We conclude that in certain cases sensitivity to rare inhalation allergens can be of importance and their correct identification is of critical significance for the therapeutic success. Results of RAST-Inhibition between various Urticaceae and grassmixture showed in addition to expected inhibition of all Urticaceae through Urtica-dioica-extract an inhibition of grass-specific IgE through Urtica-dioica-extract.
Grass pollen specific sublingual/swallow immunotherapy in children: Open-controlled comparison among different treatment protocols; Background: sublingual-swallow immunotherapy has been recognized as safe and effective in adults. Different treatment schedules have been proposed and used, but the current experience in children is insufficient. We carried out a study to evaluate the clinical efficacy and the safety in children allergic to grass pollen, following different schedules. Methods: an open study was performed with 3 parallel treated groups and a control group, each including 12 children suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen. The patients underwent either a preseasonal treatment or a precoseasonal treatment during the grass pollen season. The analysis of the clinical outcome was based on the number of days with symptoms and/or drug consumption in the pollen peak month. Results: significantly less days with symptoms and/or drug intake in all of the groups submitted to SLIT in comparison to the control group were found (p < 0.0001). Among the three schedules used, the best clinical results were obtained with the two precoseasonal treatments (p < 0.0001), with a preference for the schedule with the lowest maintenance dose according to the drug intake (p = 0.0267). Two patients belonging to the coseasonal schedule with the highest maintenance dose interrupted the treatment because of systemic mild side effects. Conclusions: our data suggests that in children with rhinoconjunctivitis to grass pollen, SLIT is effective and well tolerated and that the precoseasonal schedule should be preferred to the preseasonal treatment. According to our data, the best maintenance dose during the pollen season for children, both for tolerance and clinical outcome, corresponds to 0.4 μg of the grass major allergen Group 5 administered three times a week.
The recombinant allergen-based concept of component-resolved diagnostics and immunotherapy (CRD and CRIT); Current forms of allergy diagnosis and specific immunotherapy are performed with allergen extracts. Allergen extracts contain a variety of allergenic and nonallergenic components and their allergen content is often cumbersome to standardize. If used for diagnostic purposes, positive reactions to a given allergen extract will thus provide the information that an allergic subject is sensitized against extract components, but without identifying them. Likewise, extract-based immunotherapy cannot be adapted to the individual patient's sensitization pattern. Here we review progress in the field of molecular allergen characterization by recombinant DNA technology, leading to novel forms of component-resolved diagnostics (CRD) and immunotherapy (CRIT) based on recombinant allergens. Several studies have demonstrated advantages of recombinant allergen-based diagnosis. Using recombinant allergens in in vitro diagnostic devices, a patient's individual IgE reactivity profile can be quantitatively established. The presence of IgE to cross-reactive allergen components can thus be determined and used to predict clinically relevant sensitization to allergen sources which contain immunologically related allergens. Moreover it has been demonstrated that cocktails of recombinant allergens, matching the IgE epitope complexity present in natural allergen extracts, can be assembled. Component-resolved diagnosis will thus allow the precise selection of those molecules for specific immunotherapy to which a patient is actually sensitized. Recently, several recombinant hypoallergenic allergen derivatives have been developed for immunotherapy. The progress in allergen research achieved by the use of recombinant DNA technology holds promise that component-resolved diagnosis and immunotherapy may help refine the procedures of allergy diagnosis and immunotherapy in the coming decade and beyond.
Efficacy and safety of immunotherapy with modified grasspollen allergens. Results of a placebo-controlled study; The efficacy and safety of a glutaraldehyde modified, high molecular weight allergen extract from a grasspollen mixture was tested in 20 patients in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The results were evaluated on the basis of symptom scores, need for additional symptomatic medication, changes in skin test sensitivity, allergen-specific immunological parameters and patient-questionaires. A method is presented of data evaluation in comparison with placebo which considers pollen exposure instead of calendar periods of successive treatment years. The modified extract was shown to be a safe and effective allergoid that can be used perennially without any problems. The results clearly show that the immunotherapeutic properties are fully retained in spite of the extensive modification, which allows rapid dose increases and the use of the allergen in a single concentration only. It is specifically stressed that the immune responses to the modified extract are directed to the well known major allergens.
Induction of antibody responses to new B cell epitopes indicates vaccination character of allergen immunotherapy; Whether the modulation of antibody responses can contribute to the improvement of clinical symptoms in patients receiving allergen immunotherapy represents a controversial issue. We have used purified [seven recombinant (r) and one natural] timothy grass pollen allergens as well as recombinant B cell epitope-containing fragments of the major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 1, to investigate humoral immune responses in eight allergic patients receiving grass pollen-specific immunotherapy. We found that the administration of aluminium hydroxide-adsorbed grass pollen extract induced complex changes in allergen/epitope-specific antibody responses: increases in IgG subclass (IgG1, IgG2, IgG4) responses against allergens recognized before the therapy were observed. All eight patients started to mount IgE and IgG4 responses to continuous Phl p 1 epitopes not recognized before the therapy and a de novo induction of IgE antibodies against new allergens was found in one patient. Evidence for a protective role of IgG antibodies specific for continuous Phl p 1 epitopes was provided by the demonstration that preincubation of rPhl p 1 with human serum containing therapy-induced Phl p 1-specific IgG inhibited rPhl p 1-induced histamine release from basophils of a grass pollen-allergic patient. Our finding that immunotherapy induced antibody responses against previously not recognized B cell epitopes indicates the vaccination character of this treatment. The fact that patients started to mount de novo IgE as well as protective IgG responses against epitopes may explain the unpredictability of specific immunotherapy performed with allergen extracts and emphasizes the need for novel forms of component-resolved immunotherapy.
Monitoring allergen immunotherapy of pollen-allergic patients: The ratio of allergen-specific IgG4 to IgG1 correlates with clinical outcome; Background: Although allergen immunotherapy has been established as a treatment of type I allergy back in 1911, until now the underlying mechanisms have not been fully understood, nor are there any parameters which would allow one to monitor an ongoing treatment or to assess therapeutic success in the meantime. Objective: We wanted to define allergen-specific parameters that change due to treatment in correlation with the clinical outcome. Methods: We conducted a controlled study with grass pollen-allergic children and compared allergen-specific antibody titres before and 1 year after the onset of immunotherapy in contrast with untreated allergic and healthy children. Two recombinant forms of the major allergen group V of Phleum pratense (Phl p 5) served as model allergens. Results: No change in IgE levels and no significant reduction of skin prick test (SPT) reactivity were seen. On the other hand, a significant reduction of symptom scores in the treated group and a significant rise in allergen-specific IgG1, IgG2 and IgG4 due to the treatment could be observed, but in neither case could we establish a correlation between the increasing amounts of the single antibody classes and the reduction of symptom scores. But most interestingly, when comparing the ratio of IgG4 to IgG1 with the symptom scores, we found significant correlations. Nevertheless, treated allergic patients still differ considerably from healthy controls as nonatopics have hardly any measurable allergen-specific IgG antibodies and no IgE antibodies at all. Conclusion: The ratio of IgG4 to IgG1 can serve as a valuable parameter that allows us to assess the success of immunotherapy already 1 year after the onset. The increase of specific IgG1 in relation to IgG4 during treatment reflects a possible influence of this subclass on the induction of tolerance towards allergens.
Interleukin-13 in the nasal lavage of pollinosis patients after specific intranasal challenge; The unique properties of interleukin-13 have drawn the attention of investigators to its role in atopic diseases and in the mechanism of specific immunotherapy. The aim of this paper was to determine whether the presence of interleukin-13 will, apart from interleukina-4, be found in the nasal lavage after specific challenge and if the levels of these cytokines will differ. The studies included 13 patients in whom grass and rye pollen allergy was confirmed by the case history, skin tests and the presence of specific IgE in the blood serum. In all these persons active anterior rhinomanometry and than specific challenge with gradually increasing concentrations of the grass pollen allergen were performed before the season. At the end of these challenge, nasal lavage was done and the lavage fluid was preparated for determination of IL-4 and IL-13. Both cytokines were found to be present in the nasal lavage and in 6 patients the IL-13 concentration was higher than that of IL-4. Three of these patients had been previously hyposensitized. Although the results presented here are preliminary, they may provide inspiration four further investigations of the role of IL-13 in the specific immunotherapy in pollinosis patients.
Allergen-specific IgE in circulating immune complexes in patients with inhalant allergy undergoing specific immunotherapy; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) has been used worldwide since it was introduced near the beginning of this century. Although this mode of therapy has been known for over 80 years, its mechanism of action is still not definitely clear. The problem of the presence of allergen-specific IgE in IgE-containing circulating immune complexes of patients with inhalant allergy has been mentioned in the literature. However, there are no data concerning specific immunotherapy. The aim of our study was to evaluate the influence of SIT in patients with inhalant allergy on allergen-specific IgE in serum and in IgE circulating immune complexes. A total of 112 subjects with allergic rhinitis (57 with grass pollen allergy and 55 sensitive to house dust mites Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus) were included in the study. SIT was administered to 29 patients suffering from pollinosis and 27 patients sensitive to house dust mites. The remaining patients were treated with an H2-receptor antagonist only. The decrease of allergen-specific IgE concentration in IgE circulating immune complexes was parallel to the analogous changes in the serum only in the patients with pollinosis. Immunotherapy of house dust mite-sensitive patients caused a much slower decrease of allergen-specific lgE in circulating immune complexes than in serum. The binding index of allergen-specific IgE in circulating immune complexes increased during the course of the treatment. No significant associations were found between the immunological indices studied and clinical score of the disease activity.
Specific immunotherapy; Increase of the prevalence of allergy these last 20 years is in part secondary to the modification of the allergenic charge of our environment. The specific immunotherapy (SIT) is the only etiologic treatment of the allergic disease and numbers of authors believe that, for the future, this treatment could change the natural history of the respiratory allergy, provided that it is realised early in the first years of life. Several experimental studies show that the process of the SIT could be the restoration of the Th1 cell/Th2 cell balance which is reversed in allergies. However, indications of SIT have to be carefully selected. The ideal indication is the single sensitized asthma, and treatment has to be started in the first years of life, at the onset of the asthmatic disease, before a definitive remodelling of the respiratory airways induced by inflammation. Subcutaneous SIT is for the moment the only effective route confirmed by several controlled trials, in particular for grass pollens, possibly for house dust, pet danders and mite allergens. Risk of syndromic effects, present all the time of the SIT protocol, can be prevented by rigorous use of the SIT according to the European consensus. The advent of recombinant allergens, in particular by complementary DNA (cDNA) modified by site-directed mutagenesis, could tip the immune response to a Th-1 like response instead of a Th-2 like response (IgE mediated) and result in a better tolerated and more efficacy immunomodulation.
T-cell receptor contact and MHC binding residues of a major rye grass pollen allergen T-cell epitope; Background: T cells are pivotal in the elicitation of allergic diseases. Analogues of T-cell epitope peptides with a modification at a T-cell receptor (TCR) contact site can alter selected T-cell effector functions. Thus the ability to modulate allergen-specific T-cell responses towards T(H1)-like by stimulation with peptide analogues may downregulate allergic inflammation. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to characterize the minimal epitope recognized by cloned T cells of a dominant Lol p 5 epitope, p105-116, and identify the critical residues involved in TCR and MHC contact. Methods: Using peptides with progressive truncation of N- and C-terminal residues in T-cell proliferation assays, we identified the core epitope recognized by cloned CD4+ T cells. An additional series of peptides with single amino acid substitutions were used in T-cell proliferation and live-cell MHC binding assays. Taken together, these results allowed identification of MHC binding and TCR contact residues of p105-116. Results: The core epitope of p105-116 was identified as residues 107-114. Within this core epitope, 3 residues were found to be important for MHC binding, positions 107, 110, and 112, whereas those at positions 108, 109, 110, 111, and 113 were putative TCR contact residues. Conclusions: The identification of the TCR and MHC contact residues of a dominant Lol p 5 T-cell epitope and analogues of this peptide capable of modulating T-cell responses will allow the evaluation of these peptides' potential as immunotherapeutic agents for rye grass pollen allergic disease.
'Allergen engineering': Variants of the timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 5b with reduced IgE-binding capacity but conserved T cell reactivity; One problem of conventional allergen-specific immunotherapy is file risk of anaphylactic reactions. A new approach to make immunotherapy safer and more efficient might be the application of engineered allergens with reduced IgE-binding capacity but retained T cell reactivity. Using overlapping dodeca-peptides, the dominant T cell epitopes of the timothy grass pollen allergen Phl p 5b were identified. By site-directed mutagenesis outside these regions, point and deletion mutants were generated. Allergen variants were analyzed for IgE-binding capacity with sera of different grass pollen allergic patients by Western blotting, Dot blotting, and EAST inhibition test, and for histamine releasing capacity with peripheral blood basophils from different patients. The deletion mutants revealed significantly reduced IgE reactivity and histamine releasing capacity, compared with the wild-type Phl p 5b. Furthermore, in vivo skin prick tests showed that the deletion mutants had a significantly lower potency to induce cutaneous reactions than the wild-type Phl p 5b. On the other hand, T cell clones and T cell lines from different allergic patients showed comparable proliferation after stimulation with allergen variants and wild-type Phl p 5b. Considering their reduced anaphylactogenic potential together with their conserved T cell reactivity, the engineered allergens could be important tools for efficient and safe allergen-specific immunotherapy.
B cell epitopes of the major timothy grass pollen allergen, Phl p 1, revealed by gene fragmentation as candidates for immunotherapy; Group 1 grass pollen allergens are recognized by IgE antibodies of almost 40% of allergic individuals and therefore belong to the most important elicitors of Type I allergy worldwide. We have previously isolated the cDNA coding for the group 1 allergen from timothy grass, Phl p 1, and demonstrated that recombinant Phl p 1 contains most of the B cell as well as T cell epitopes of group 1 allergens from a variety of grass and corn species. Here we determine continuous B cell epitopes of Phl p 1 by gene fragmentation. IgE antibodies of grass pollen allergic patients identified five continuous epitope-containing areas that on an average bound 40% of Phl p 1-specific IgE antibodies and were stably recognized in the course of disease. In contrast to untreated patients, patients undergoing grass pollen immunotherapy started to mount IgG4 antibodies to the recombinant IgE-defined fragments in the course of immunotherapy. The protective role of these IgG4 antibodies is demonstrated by observations that 1) increases in rPhl p 1 fragment-specific IgG4 were in parallel with decreases in Phl p 1-specific IgE, and 2) preincubation of rPhl p 1 with patients sera containing rPhl p 1 fragment- specific IgG4 blocked histamine release from basophils of an untreated grass pollen allergic patient. We propose to use recombinant Phl p 1 fragments for active immunotherapy in order to induce protective IgG responses against IgE epitopes in grass pollen allergic patients. This concept may be applied for the development of allergy vaccines whenever the primary sequence or structure of an allergen is available.
Molecular and immunologic characterization of a highly cross-reactive two EF-hand calcium-binding alder pollen allergen, Aln g 4: Structural basis for calcium-modulated IgE recognition; Serum IgE was used to isolate a cDNA coding for a 9.4-kDa two EF-hand calcium-binding allergen, Aln g 4, from a λgt11 expression cDNA library constructed from alder (Alnus glutinosa) pollen. rAln g 4 was overexpressed in Escherichia coli and purified to homogeneity. It reacted with serum IgE from 18% of pollen-allergic patients (n=122)
Sensitization to Alternaria and Cladosporium in asthmatic patients and its in vitro diagnostic confirmation; In order to determine the prevalence of airborne mould sensitization and the reliability of the in vitro diagnostic techniques in daily practice (antigen-specific IgE and histamine release test), we performed a 3-year study in 2200 patients diagnosed with rhinosinusitis and/or bronchial asthma. We found mould sensitization in 101 patients, 20% of whom presented monosensitization against airborne moulds, and the rest associated other sensitizations as follows: 53.7% against Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, 45% against grass pollen and 30% against Olea europea. The most frequently involved moulds in our patients were Alternaria and Cladosporium. Seventy-six percent of the patients presented sensitization against Alternaria, 56% of whom were monosensitized, 26% presented cosensitization to Cladosporium and the remainder were sensitive to more than two moulds. Regarding Cladosporium, the percentage of patients was similar (66%), although only 23% were monosensitized and 46% presented an associated sensitization against Alternaria. We also observed a correlation between skin tests and both in vitro diagnostic techniques, with a relative sensitivity of the specific IgE determination compared to the skin test of 98% against Alternaria and 90.4% against Cladosporium, whereas the relative sensitivity of the histamine release test was 97.4% for Alternaria and 85% for Cladosporium. In conclusion, we think that in order to confirm the etiopathogenesis of the airborne moulds and before an immunotherapy treatment is indicated the positive skin reactions should be confirmed by means of reliable laboratory diagnostic techniques, such as antigen-specific IgE determination and histamine release test.
Induction of allergy to new aeroallergens during specific immunotherapy (SIT) in grass pollen sensitive patients; In the group of 50 patients suffering from grass pollen allergy and successfully treated with SIT for three consecutive years, we observed in 5 persons after the end of this treatment the induction of allergy to new allergens (to weeds, mites or tree) manifested by the change of the symptoms season. The induction of the new kind of allergy was confirmed by revealing of the positive skin prick tests to new allergens and by an increase of the specific IgE serum level to them. Despite disappearance of the symptoms of the illness during grass pollen season in all 5 patients we noted the higher total IgE as well as specific to grasses IgE serum level, in comparison to the value at the staff of SIT. In the paper the possible mechanisms of this phenomenon are discussed, which seems to be not connected with the natural development of allergy and which confirms once more that during SIT individual changes in humoral and cellular immunity of the patient take place, sometimes very difficult to be predicted. They may among others switch clinical profile of allergy, what indicates that patient during SIT should be under the careful immunological supervision.
Serum FcεRII receptor (sCD23) as an evaluating factor for grass pollen immunotherapy; CD23 is a protein on the surface of certain hemopoietic cells and it is considered to be the low affinity receptor for immunoglobulin IgE, (FcεRII/CD23). The regulation of the expression of CD23 depends on the type of cell on which it is found. Like most of the FcR receptors, it is released in a soluble form (sCD23) in the extracellular fluid. This form is found in increased levels in the serum of allergic patients and in neoplastic diseases. We studied total IgE and sCD23 in the serum of 30 allergic patients undergoing immunotherapy, 15 allergic patients treated only symptomatically for grass pollen (GP) allergy, 15 healthy and subjects. We found that the mean values of total IgE and sCD23 after the course of hyposensitization were decreased compared to those before treatment as well as to those GP allergic patients under conventional therapy and to healthy adults. However, only the CD23 decrease was statistically significant. Therefore, we speculate that determination of sCD23 may be useful for (a) the general evaluation of allergic patients and (b) the immunological monitoring of patients under immunotherapy.
Specific immunotherapy for allergens - Remarks on specific immunotherapy by the sub-lingual route; The present number of publications on allergen specific immunotherapy (ITa) by clinically controlled tests, double blind, is objective proof of the value of this treatment in the allergy pathologies mediated by IgE. The mechanisms of action of Ita are better understood, taking account of the intervention of TH2 and TH1 cells with the respective involvement of cytokines IL4-IL5, favouring the synthesis of IgE and interferon γ (IFNγ) slowing the synthesis of IgE. Adjuvants of bacterial origin influence the balance TH2/TH1 by blocking the production of TH2 cells. Ita by the sublingual route (SLIT) has been the objective of double blind clinical studies, with favourable results and good tolerance, of a number of allergens, pollens (grass, ragweed, parietaria, olive) and D. pteronyssinus mites. Application of this technique of SLIT to foods and drugs reveals more a mechanism of customisation than induction of cellular activity, of a mucosal secretory IgA and an oral tolerance with systemic response, mechanisms that are involved in SLIT. Taking into account the restrictions of ITa, SLIT allows inclusion of other allergic patients, such as children receiving injections and subjects who are not inclined to observe and comply with treatment... The different techniques used for classical ITa by the subcutaneous route are also useable for SLIT with a very good tolerance, apart form some transitory digestive problems. SLIT is no longer a technique of the future, but already one of the present time, currently used and which gives a renewal of value in the form of therapy that is ITa for IgE-mediated allergy pathology.
Sublingual immunotherapy with a standardised grass pollen extract; A double-blind placebo-controlled study
Clinical efficacy of sublingual-swallow immunotherapy: A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a standardized five-grass-pollen extract in rhinitis; Sublingual-swallow immunotherapy (SLIT) using high doses of standardized allergen extracts has been found to be effective in reducing allergic symptoms and medication needs. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was carried out in a large number of patients to determine whether medication needs can be reduced by SLIT. Some 136 patients with grass-pollen rhinitis with or without mild asthma were studied. Patients received either placebo or SLIT with a standardized grass-pollen extract administered daily with increasing doses up to 300 IR (index of reactivity) from January to the end of July 1994. During the grass-pollen season, patients were instructed to use medications as required and to visit their doctors in case of asthma. Symptom-medications scores were assessed during the pollen season, and serum- specific IgG4 was measured before and at the end of SLIT. In the SLIT group, drug consumption dropped significantly throughout the pollen season (P<0.02). Moreover, at the peak of the pollen season, betamethasone consumption was significantly reduced in the SLIT group (P<0.02). Only one patient in the SLIT group had an asthma attack compared to eight patients in the placebo group (P<0.02). IgG4 levels increased significantly in the SLIT group (P<0.001) but without correlation with symptoms. Side-effects were comparable in both groups. This study indicates that SLIT in grass-pollen rhinitis is well tolerated, improves overall clinical symptoms, and reduces drug consumption and the need for oral corticosteroids.
Immunoglobulins in acute, parainfectious, disseminated encephalo- myelitis; Acute, parainfectious, disseminated encephalo-myelitis (ADEM) is usually treated with corticosteroids. Intravenous immunoglobulins have not been applied to patients with ADEM. This article describes a 22-year old woman who developed progressive paraparesis, ascending sensory dysfunction, and urinary incontinence one week after tonsillitis. Guillain-Barre syndrome was diagnosed initially, and intravenous immunoglobulins (0.4 g/kg daily) were begun. Symptoms deteriorated after the first and second applications, but after the third application the patient's sensory level declined. After the fourth application, the deterioration of symptoms stopped and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) abnormalities improved. Because of diffuse spinal cord swelling, intramedullary edema, and hyperintense white and grey matter lesions in the basal ganglia and the corpus callosum on MRI scans, the diagnosis was corrected to ADEM. It is concluded that initial administration of intravenous immunoglobulins might be of therapeutic value in patients with ADEM.
Decrease of allergen-specific T-cell response induced by local nasal immunotherapy; Background: The clinical efficacy and safety of local nasal immunotherapy (LNIT) with lyophilized 'macronized' powder has been demonstrated. However, the immunological changes possibly induced by LNIT which may account for the clinical improvement are still unclear. Objective: To investigate the effects of a successful LNIT-treatment on the allergen- driven T cell response, cytokine secretion and IgE and IgG antibody production. Methods: Three groups (untreated, subcutaneous immunotherapy- SIT- and LNIT-treated) of grass-sensitive patients suffering from seasonal rhinitic symptoms were ramdomized for the 2-year study. The proliferative response of PBMC to purified Rye-1 allergen and serum levels of grass- specific IgE and IgG were evaluated before treatment and during the 2-year subsequent pollination periods. The proliferative response of allergen- specific short-term T-cell lines, as well as production of allergen-driven cytokine by PBMC, were also assessed. Results: Both SIT and LNIT induced a significant reduction of symptom scores during the pollination season. SIT, but not LNIT, induced a significant change in serum levels of allergen- specific IgE and IgG antibody. By contrast, both SIT and LNIT reduced the increase of the proliferative response of allergen-specific T cells driven by natural allergen exposure and significantly decreased T cell proliferation to low doses of allergen, as shown also by the mitogenic index of allergen- specific T-cell lines. A reduced IL-4 and IFNγ production by PBMC of LNIT- and SIT-treated patients was also observed in the absence of a clearcut TH2- TH1 switch. Conclusions: These data suggest that a common mechanism of both LNIT and SIT is the induction of T-cell tolerance, thus providing a rational basis to explain why LNIT may be clinically successful in allergic patients with rhinits.
Specific immunotherapy downregulates peripheral blood CD4 and CD8 T- lymphocyte activation in grass pollen-sensitive asthma; Several lines of evidence indicate that specific immunotherapy may act by modifying the immune responses of T-lymphocytes to the antigen. To evaluate the effect of specific immunotherapy on the activation of T- lymphocytes by cluster of differentiation cells (CD4+ and CD8+) in peripheral blood, the expression of two surface activation markers, the p55 interleukin- 2 receptor (CD25) and human leucocyte antigen (HLA)-DR, was studied prospectively on circulating CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell subsets in subjects with grass-pollen sensitive asthma before and after 1 yr of treatment with specific immunotherapy. Twenty five asthmatic patients with pollen sensitivity other than grass, studied out of their pollen season, served as the control group. Specific immunotherapy improved clinical indices of disease activity including symptom scores and medication use during the pollen season of the treatment year. It had a marked effect in reducing the expression of the two activation markers, CD25 and HLA-DR, in both CD4+ (p=0.002 and p=0.005, respectively) and CD8+ (p=0.01 and p=0.01, respectively) T-cell subsets, in parallel with a significant decrease in CD23 expression on B-cells (p=0.008) and in grass-specific immunoglobulin E levels (p=0.01) in the peripheral blood of subjects with grass pollen-sensitive asthma. The decreased T-lymphocyte activation observed in immunotherapy- treated subjects after the treatment year was significant (p=0.05) in comparison with the control group. These data add to the view that the efficacy of specific immunotherapy may be attributed to the downregulation of T-cell responses.
Levamisole's effect on the cutaneous hypersensitivity reaction and eosinophil function in patients allergic to grass pollen; Levamisole, a non-specific immune stimulant, improves asthmatic symptoms in patients infected with schistosomiasis. The aim of this study was to investigate its effects on the immediate hypersensitivity reaction in patients allergic to grass pollens. In a single blind, parallel study, 26 atopic volunteers were randomized to receive, orally, levamisole or placebo for 3 days. The skin-blister technique was used to study local cell dynamics at the area of antigen administration. Alternate forearms were used 7 days apart and the areas of induration after antigen administration were also measured at 0.25, 1 and 6 h intervals. Blood samples for peripheral blood counts and eosinphil cationic protein (ECP) detection were collected at baseline and again 7 days later. Levamisole resulted in a significant reduction of the area of induration at 6 h (i.e. mean ± SD) reduction from baseline of 771.25 (± 1078.71) mm2. It also significantly reduced ECP levels (P < 0.05) as compared to baseline. The percentage of lymphocytes recruited into blister fluid was also significantly higher in the levamisole group, indicating that its immune modulatory effect may be due to an action on these regulatory cells. Levamisole may thus benefit atopic patients by reducing ECP levels and the local hypersensitivity reaction (i.e. induration).
Eosinophil cationic protein in children with allergic diseases of the respiratory tract in exacerbation and remission of symptoms; The role of eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) in allergic inflammatory reaction has been documented in experimental and clinical studies, but a clinical usefulness is still discussed. In the study serum level of ECP has been evaluated in children with allergic diseases of the respiratory system in exacerbation and remission of symptoms for purpose of monitoring of disease course. In 111 children aged 12.0 +/- 3.3 yrs with atopic bronchial asthma and/ or allergic rhinits ECP serum concentrations have been determined in following groups: children with grass pollen hypersensitivity (group P, 17 female and 41 male), children with hypersensitivity to D. pteronyssinus and D. farinae (group D, 16 female and 37 male) and controls without allergic hypersensitivity with negative prick skin tests (19 children, 11 female and 5 male). All children have been qualified to immunotherapy with pollen or mite allergens (Allergovit or Novo-Helisen, Nexter, Allergopharma) and ECP evaluation was performed before, during and after therapy. Serum ECP and IgE levels have been determined with CAP-system (Pharmacia) and obtained results related to clinical symptoms. In all analyzed children serum total IgE has been significantly increased in relation to controls. Serum ECP levels have been increased during clinical exacerbation of symptoms in observed children and parallel with clinical score of symptoms, especially during pollen season. Authors conclude that a degree of increase of serum ECP level is parallel with clinical score of symptoms, especially during highest exposition to pollen allergens. Observed changes of serum ECP levels during immunotherapy suggest the close relationship with allergic inflammatory reaction and indicate clinical usefulness for monitoring of this process.
Short term efficacy of nasal immunotherapy; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of nasal immunotherapy in the management of allergic rhinitis. Sixteen patients (10 Female
A novel dipstick developed for rapid bet v 1-specific IgE detection: Recombinant allergen immobilized via a monoclonal antibody to crystalline bacterial cell-surface layers; The incidence of allergy to airborne proteins derived from tree and grass pollen, feces of mites, spores of molds, and pet dander has been increasing over the last decades. Since precise diagnosis is a prerequisite for successful immunotherapy, there is a rising demand for rapid, reliable, and inexpensive screening methods such as dipstick assays. With the purified recombinant major birch-pollen allergen rBet v 1a as model protein, crystalline bacterial cell-surface layers (S-layers) were tested for their applicability as an immobilization matrix for dipstick development. For this purpose, S-layers were deposited on a mechanically stable microporous support, cross-linked with glutaraldehyde, and free carboxylic acid groups of the S-layer protein were activated with carbodiimide. In the present test system, rBet v 1a was immobilized via the monoclonal mouse antibody BIP 1, which, unlike the allergen, is too large to enter the pores of the S-layer lattice, and which therefore formed a closed monolayer on the outermost surface of the crystal lattice. Moreover, BIP 1 is known to modulate IgE binding to the allergen. After incubation of the dipsticks in serum, washing of the reaction zone under tap water, and binding of an anti-IgE alkaline phosphatase conjugate, 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolyl phosphate/nitro blue tetrazolium was used as substrate, forming an IgE concentration-dependent colored precipitate on the S-layer surface. The investigation of patient sera previously tested with the CAP(TM) system confirmed the specificity of the S- layer-based dipstick assay. Since the dipstick is easy to handle and the whole test procedure takes only 90 min, this test system should be applicable for rapid determination of specific IgE and for first screening in the doctor's practice.
Immunological changes during specific immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy: Reduced lymphoproliferative responses to allergen and shift from TH2 to TH1 in T-cell clones specific for Ph1 p 1, a major grass pollen allergen; Background and Objective: The mechanisms operative in specific immunotherapy (SIT) of Type I allergy are not completely understood. In the present study we evaluated immunological changes during SIT in pollinosis. Method: Eight patients suffering from pollinosis (monosensitized to grass pollen) were treated with conventional SIT. All subjects had IgE specific for Ph1 p 1, a major allergen of timothy grass. In vitro changes in the immunological reactivity to grass pollen extract and to recombinant Ph1 p 1 were evaluated. Subjects were examined at three occasions: before, after 3 months and after 1 year of SIT. Results: Serological analysis revealed a marked increase of grass pollen- and Ph1 p 1-specific IgG, titres of specific IgE did not change significantly. Lymphoproliferative responses to grass pollen extract and rPh1 p 1 were reduced already after 3 months of treatment. Accordingly, the cloning efficiency for Ph1 p 1-specific T-cell clones (TCC) dropped markedly in all patients. The majority of allergen-specific TCC raised before SIT revealed a TH2-like pattern of cytokine production. TCC established after SIT revealed TH1 characteristics. This shift was due to a decrease in IL-4 rather than an increase in IFN-production by T cells. Investigations of the epitopes recognized by T cells before and after SIT did not reveal the outgrowth of new ('protecting') specificities. We could not observe induction of allergen-specific CD8+ lymphocytes (supressor cells). Conclusion: Our data indicate that - on the level of TH lymphocytes - SIT induces tolerance to the allergen and a modulation of the cytokine pattern produced in response in allergen stimulation.
Specific immunotherapy suppresses IL-1β and IL-8 levels in nasal secretions: A possible explanation for the inhibition of inflammatory cell migration; The efficacy of specific immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis is now clearly established. The fundamental principle of this form of therapy is still not fully understood, although considerable advances have been made in clarifying various aspects of the mechanisms of action. An important effect of the therapy is the inhibition of migration of inflammatory cells into the mucosa. The results of in vitro investigations and characterization of the cytokine profiles in biopsy specimens from skin and nasal mucosa at the time of an allergen-induced late-phase reaction support the view that reorientation of a Th2 lymphocyte immune response in the direction of a Th1 reaction is a fundamental aspect of the mechanisms of the immunotherapy. In order to further clarify the reasons for the cellular infiltration and to obtain evidence for the postulated Th2/Th1 switch in the nasal mucosa, we have measured various cytokines in the nasal secretions from 34 grass-allergic patients participating in a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study of specific immunotherapy. One group of 17 patients was treated with a grass pollen allergoid preparation (Allergovit®), whilst the other group received a histamine-containing placebo. Cytokine determinations were performed using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays with nasal lavage samples obtained before the beginning of therapy and at three time points during the pollen season. Interleukins (IL) 4 and 5 are typical Th2 cytokines effecting the stimulation of IgE synthesis and the activation and differentiation of eosinophil granulocytes, respectively, but they were not detectable in significant amounts in the nasal secretions. Therefore, the investigation did not provide evidence for a T helper cell switch. IL-1β, IL-6, and IL-8 were consistently detectable. Specific immunotherapy had no effect on the nonspecific proinflammatory cytokine IL-6. There were significant reductions in the concentrations of the chemokine IL-8 (p < 0.05) and the important proinflammatory cytokine IL-1β (p < 0.005) in nasal secretions from the treatment group during the pollen season, but not in the placebo group. These two cytokines play an important role in transendothelial cell migration, and their reduced concentrations as a result of the specific immunotherapy may contribute at least in part to the inhibition of inflammatory cell migration into the nasal mucosa. These observations are in keeping with the anti-inflammatory effect of the specific immunotherapy.
Clinical efficacy and tolerance of two year Lolium perenne sublingual immunotherapy; Last years, in spite of increasing use of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT), not enough clinical studies have been published and its efficacy ought to be documented still more. For that purpose, 54 patients suffering seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis - with or without asthma - were allocated to either six month preseasonal SLIT with Lolium perenne extract (n = 35) or to a control group (n = 19). In the following year, thirty from previously treated patients and 12 from former control group, received a nine-month pre-coseasonal SLIT. Skin (SPT) and conjunctival (CPT) allergen response were monitorized several times along the study. Either seric antibodies or intraseasonal eosinophil cationic protein (ECP), as symptom, medication scores and peak nasal inspiratory flow (PNIF) were also assessed, fifty-five adverse reactions were recorded (0.7% doses), although only four required treatment. No main changes in CPT, SPT and antibodies were detected. Nevertheless, during the first pollen season, treated patients needed less medication than their control counterparts (p < 0.05). In the second season, the twelve ex-control subjects also required fewer drugs than in the first one (p < 0.01). Moreover, the whole forty-two treated patients showed a lesser intraseasonal ECP than a reference set of grass-allergic individuals (p < 0.05). We conclude that Lolium perenne SLIT is well tolerated and induces fewer drug requirements during pollen season, being eosinophil activation additionally reduced.
Short-term immunotherapy: A prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter study of molecular standardized grass and rye allergens in patients with grass pollen-induced allergic rhinitis; Background: Short-term immunotherapy (STI) can be beneficial for patients who are noncompliant with long-term specific immunotherapy. Objective: The efficacy and tolerance of STI with seven preseasonal injections of molecular standardized allergens from grass and rye pollen has been investigated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter study with 87 patients at 12 German University hospitals. Methods: Symptoms of the eyes, nose, and bronchi and use of symptomatic drugs were documented daily in diaries by patients with allergic rhinitis to grass and/or rye pollen and without bronchial asthma. Patients were monitored by skin prick test titration and measurement of levels of specific IgE and IgG4. Results: The median nasal score for the 10 weeks with the strongest symptoms during the grass pollen season was significantly lower (p = 0.014) with 35.0 for STI (n = 41) versus 69.0 for placebo (n = 40)
Interleukin-4 production in asthmatic patients during allergen immunotherapy: A preliminary study; Background: Chronic inflammation and cytokine amplification play a major role in the pathogenesis of asthma. Allergen immunotherapy in atopic asthma has been shown to be effective, but the precise immunologic mechanisms for clinical improvement are poorly understood. CD4+T-cells from atopic asthmatics produce increased levels of the cytokines such as interleukin-4 (IL-4), compared with CD4+T-cells from nonatopic nonasthmatic individuals and these cytokines are believed to be directly involved in allergic disease process. It is not clear if IL-4 secretion patterns change during immunotherapy. Objectives: Monitoring IL-4 levels may be very useful in evaluating the effectiveness and response to allergen immunotherapy. Methods: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were obtained from healthy nonasthmatic controls (n = 5) and from atopic asthmatic patients (n = 5) prior to immunotherapy and at 3 and 6 months after initiation of immunotherapy to monitor IL-4 secretion in unstimulated and grass allergen-specific stimulated mononuclear cells. Changes in IL-4 secretions were related to clinical response to immunotherapy. Results: Mean IL-4 secretion was lower in controls than in asthmatics but the difference was not statistically significant. In asthmatics 3 months after starting immunotherapy mean IL-4 secretion significantly decreased (p < .002) in both grass antigen-specific stimulated cultures and un-stimulated cells. This pattern persisted at 6 months. Conclusion: In atopic asthmatics mean IL-4 secretion was significantly decreased during immunotherapy however this change was not allergen-stimulation dependent at the dose response chosen.
Nasal immunotherapy in pollen-sensitive children; Subcutaneous specific immunotherapy has a considerable risk of side effects, including severe life-threatening ones or even death. The disadvantages and problems of this kind of-therapy gave rise to looking for new ways of hyposensitization. In allergic rhinitis the local (nasal) immunotherapy may be effective. We studied the efficacy of local nasal immunotherapy (Allerkin(R)) in grass and ragweed allergic children suffering from seasonal atopic rhinitis. Patients: 36 children (12 with grass pollen, 12 with ragweed pollen immunotherapy, 12 controls). Methods: nasal provocation tests with increasing doses of Allerkin, skin prick test, diary cards. Schedule of the investigations: enrollment of the patients and nasal provocation tests
Clinical efficacy and safety of local nasal immunotherapy; Local nasal immunotherapy represents an alternative route of allergen administration. It was proposed to overcome the risk of systemic reactions rarely reported during the traditional subcutaneous immunotherapy. Some studies carried out in the past generally showed good efficacy but poor tolerability. The aqueous extracts mostly used in these studies carry some drawbacks such as the volume effect, self-digestion and the difficulty of administering reproducible dosages. The recent availability of allergen extracts in powder form has led to better stability and standardization. The studies carried out with these freeze-dried allergens showed clinical efficacy and good tolerability in perennial (mite, cat) and seasonal (grass, birch, Parietaria) allergic rhinitis. According to these findings this new local nasal immunotherapy with extract in powder form represents a suitable alternative to the traditional immunotherapy in the treatment of allergic rhinitis.
The efficacy of the immunotherapy patients with pollinosis by Allergovit and Catalet; The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of the immunotherapy by Allergovit and Catalet. 699 patients in age 5-56 were desensibilized. 213 were given Allergovit: 137 in one season, 56 in two seasons and 20 in three seasons and 484 were given Catalet: 288 in one season, 151 in two seasons and 45 in three seasons. The Catalet vaccine contains 12 grasses, rye and platain pollen, but Allergovit contains a group of grass pollen -60% and rye pollen -40%. Qualification to the desensibilization was performed on the ground of clinic symptoms, positive (++++) prick skin tests, of specific antibody IgE, positive provocation nose test presents and symptoms connected with pollenfall checked every day in the area of Poznan, Lodz and Katowice city. Estimation of the immunotherapy efficiency was assessed by patients, who noted their remarks in prepared 'Patient card' using enclose score. In result of desensibilization by Allergovit we achieved good and very good improvement (0+1 score) after one desensibilization season in 77,3% patients, after two seasons in 85,7% and after three seasons in 90.0%, on the contrary by patients desensibilized by Catalet results good and very good were achieved in 50% after one season, after two seasons in 63,6% and after three seasons in 77,8%. Conclusions: Better results were achieved in patients desensibilized by Allergovit than Catalet. It is necessary of compose the contain of Catalet vaccine for every patient.
Effect of preseasonal enzyme potentiated desensitisation (EPD) on plasma. IL-6 and IL-10 of grass pollen-sensitive asthmatic children; EPD is a method of preventive immunotherapy which employs b-glucuronidase as a biological response modifier. Plasma IL-6 and IL-10 were measured before a single injection of EPD, 24 hours later and 15 days after in a group of 17 children suffering from grass pollen asthma. 17 normal untreated children were used as controls. Although the study was conducted before the grass pollen season when the allergic children were free of symptoms, their plasma IL-6 and IL-10 were significantly elevated before the injection of EPD. 24 hours after treatment the plasma IL-10 had increased significantly and there was also a slight rise in IL-6. 15 days after treatment IL-6 had fallen to normal but IL-10 was still elevated. These findings suggest antigen-specific and non-specific mechanisms by which EPD may produce clinical improvement.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled study of preventive immunotherapy with E.P.D., in the treatment of seasonal allergic disease.; Control of seasonal symptoms by means of a preventive and easy to use (only one intradermal injection eight weeks before the pollen peak) immunotherapy, is recommended nowadays. We verified the clinical efficacy of E.P.D. (Enzyme Potentiated Desensibilization) in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. This particular immunotherapy consists of an intradermal injection mix, made up of allergenic extracts at extremely low doses and an enzyme called beta-glucuronidase. The vaccine is administered once a year, eight weeks before pollen peaks. We studied a group of 40 patients allergic to grass pollen. The results, analysed statistically on the basis of a symptoms score, showed good clinical efficacy and a significant reduction of drug consumption during the high pollen period. Due to the clinical effectiveness, easy administration (only on injection) and excellent tolerance of the immunotherapy, E.P.D. is particularly suited for the prevention of seasonal symptoms in patients allergic to grass pollen.
Grass immunotherapy induces inhibition of allergen-specific human peripheral blood mononuclear cell proliferation; The peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from humans allergic to grass pollens (GR+ subjects) show strong in vitro proliferative responses to purified allergens from Lolium perenne pollen Lol p 1, and to a lesser extent to Lol p 2 and Lol p 3. By contrast, PBMC from grass allergic patients undergoing immunotherapy (GR+IT subjects) exhibit a very poor Lol p-specific proliferative response, similar to that observed in nongrass allergic subjects (GR- subjects). Unlike GR- subjects, both GR+ and GR+IT subjects have high levels of antigen-specific serum IgG and IgE antibodies to Lol p 1, Lol p 2 and Lol p 3. While GR+ subjects exhibit a significant correlation between antigen-specific serum antibody and PBMC responses, GR+IT subjects do not show a correlation between the two responses. The possible mechanisms by which immunotherapy may modulate allergen-specific T cell proliferative response are discussed.
Mediator release is altered in immunotherapy-treated patients: A 4-year study; In recent years, it has been possible to demonstrate mediator release into the nasal secretion after nasal allergen challenge in patients with allergic rhinitis. Using the nasal provocation model, we determined whether the mediator release was altered in immunotherapy-treated patients. Seventeen grass-pollen-allergic patients were examined under controlled, reproducible conditions. Serial challenges with increasing doses of grass pollen produced increasing numbers of clinical symptoms and release of mediators such as kinins, TAME-esterase activity, and histamine. Ten patients received a semidepot perennial grass-pollen extract for 4 years. Seven patients served as controls and did not receive immunotherapy during the observation period. Data from the group of patients receiving immunotherapy over the first year already showed a partially significant decline in the maximal mediator release after nasal allergen challenges compared to the results of pretreated challenges, whereas controls did not show any significant changes. Nasal allergen challenges after termination of 4 years' immunotherapy significantly modified the mediator release compared to pretreatment values (TAME-esterase activity P < 0.05, kinins P < 0.01, and histamine P < 0.01). Decrease of mediator release paralleled the symptom-medication scores and quantitative skin prick test. Finally, we could demonstrate a significant correlation between specific IgG increase and,mediator decrease in the treated group.
Sublingual versus injective immunotherapy in grass pollen allergic patients: A double blind (double dummy) study; Background. Injective immunotherapy is a well-known and recognized treatment for allergic diseases, but its safety has been questioned during recent years. Alternative administration routes have been proposed and there is a growing interest and experience in sublingual therapy. The safety of alternative routes is nonetheless a real advantage, so long as it is not counterbalanced by a loss of clinical benefit. Objective. We have compared the efficacy of the same biologically standardized grass pollen extract administered through the injective or the sublingual route, in a group of 20 patients followed for two pollen seasons. Methods. Both therapies were administered for 12 months according to a double-blind (double-dummy) plan
Preseasonal specific immunotherapy with modified Phleum pratense allergenic extracts: Tolerability and effects; The preparation of chemically modified allergens, with a reduced IgE binding capacity (responsible for side effects with traditional immunotherapy) but with the same or greater immunogenic activity, is one of the paths followed to obtain better results with specific immunotherapy (IT). The aim of the study was to evaluate the tolerability and effects of extracts of Phleum pratense, modified with glutaraldehyde and absorbed on aluminium hydroxide, in controlling the seasonal symptomatology induced by grass pollen in a group of 10 monosensitized patients, compared to a group of 10 similar patients not treated with specific IT but with drugs alone. The monitoring parameters were: 1) Clinical: a) symptomatology after specific conjunctival provocation test (pre and post seasonal) and during the natural exposure to the allergen b) drug consumption. 2) Immunological (peripheral blood eosinophils, total and specific IgE, total specific IgG). 3) Cytological, before, during and after the pollen season. Conclusions: In subjects treated with specific IT a) both the overall symptomatology and the drug consumption resulted significantly reduced compared to the controls (p = 0.045)
The efficacy of E.P.D., a new immunotherapy, in the treatment of allergic diseases in children; A double blind study was made on a group of 35 children, 8 of whom were allergic to Grass and 27 allergic to Pteronyssinus and Farinae Dermatophagoids. We verified the efficacy and tolerability of a new immunotherapy called E.P.D. (Enzyme Potentiated Desensibilization). This particular immunotherapy consists in an intradermal injection of a mix made up of an allergic solution at extremely low doses and an enzyme, beta-glycuronidase. The vaccine is administered once a year, two weeks before pollen peaks for children with seasonal allergies and two times a year, in February and November, for children with non-seasonal allergies (Dermatophagoids). The results, statistically analyzed on the basis of a symptoms score, showed good clinical efficacy in patients affected by both seasonal and non-seasonal allergies. Due to the clinical effectiveness, easy administration and excellent tolerability of the immunotherapy, E.P.D. is particularly suited for treating or reducing allergic symptoms in allergic children.
Local nasal immunotherapy with a powder extract for grass pollen induced rhinitis in pediatric ages: A controlled study; Forty pediatric patients, ranging from 5-13 years of age and suffering from grass pollen rhinoconjunctivitis, were submitted to local nasal preseasonal (12 weeks) immunotherapy, either with a grass pollen extract or with placebo. After 1 year, 15 of these patients (5 previously treated with active product and 10 with placebo) were treated with the grass pollen extract preseasonally for 2 consecutive years. Before and after treatment, serum total IgA and IgE,and specific IgG and IgE were assayed as well as carrying out nasal provocation tests (NPT) with extracts at different concentrations, endpoint evaluations by rhinomanometry and prick tests with different concentrations of extract. After only 1 year, the actively treated patients showed a significant decrease of daily nasal and conjunctival signs and symptoms - as judged by a 1 to 3 score - in comparison with the control group. The placebo group showed the same results after the 3rd year. The improvement was confirmed by a significant increase of the dose threshold in NPT. No immunological alterations were evident.
Effects of mold proteases on the biological activity of allergenic pollen extracts.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of mold extracts with high protease activity on the biological activity of allergenic tree, grass, and weed extracts, using in vivo and in vitro methods, in atopic dogs. ANIMALS: 15 dogs with history and clinical signs of atopy. All dogs had strong positive reactions (3+ or 4+) to 1 or more preselected allergens and negative reactions (O) to molds. PROCEDURE: Mold extracts and saline solution were coincubated separately with tree, grass, and weed pollen extracts at 4 C for 30 and 80 days. Skin end-point titration (30-day incubation) and ELISA inhibition (30- and 180-day incubations) tests were performed on all samples. The biological activity of pollen extracts coincubated with mold extracts was compared with that of pollen extracts coincubated with saline solution. RESULTS: In the skin end-point titration test, weed pollen extracts coincubated with a mixed mold extract lost a statistically significant amount of biological activity, compared with saline coincubated controls. In the ELISA inhibition test, grass and weed pollen extracts incubated with a mixed mold extract lost a significant amount of biological activity, compared with saline coincubated controls. A significant correlation in the measurement of biological activity was found between a loss of end-point dilution in the skin end-point titration test and a decrease in relative potency, as measured by the ELISA inhibition test for allergenic grass and weed extracts. CONCLUSION AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Mold proteases can decrease the biological activity of certain grass and weed pollen extracts when coincubated in the same vial for 30 days. Separation of mold and pollen extracts, when preparing immunotherapy vaccines, may help prevent loss of pollen extract potency and increase the vaccine's stability and efficacy.
Time course of olfactory function in allergic rhinitis; Olfactory dysfunction is one of the major complaints in patients suffering from allergic rhinitis. Little is known about the onset of hyposmia in seasonal allergy. We examined the time-course of olfactory function in 14 patients (6 females, 8 males, 30,5 ± 6,1 years) with a history of at least 2 years of allergic rhinitis requiring medical treatment, positive skin prick test and RAST (≤ class II) to grass pollen. All had undergone a rhinologic evaluation including nasal endoscopy and A-scan ultrasonography of the paranasal sinuses. Exclusion criteria were the coexistence of nonallergic nasal or paranasal sinus disease, nasal allergy to perennial allergens, chronic disease other than atopic allergy, pregnancy, immunotherapy for allergy during the last 3 years, antiallergic therapy at study entry, refused consent, age under 20 or over 45 years. Allergic symptoms of rhinorrhea, nasal obstruction, itching and sneezing were daily scored in a diary. Olfactory function was evaluated birhinal using a modified CCCRC-testing (CAIN) procedure for threshold, identification and discrimination. The result of the better smelling side of the nose was used for statistical analysis. Patients were tested preseasonally and on day 3, 7, 14, and 21 of the season. Preseasonally, all patients were normosmic. There was a significant decrease in threshold and identification between the third and fourteenth day of the season, but no further changes up to day 21 and no changes in discrimination over the entire period.
Study on short-term and lasting clinical benefit afer 3 years of immunotherapy with grass pollen depot allergoid (Allergovit); Alum-adsorbed allergoid preparations have been on the market for more than 7 years with a short-course dosage schedule. The success of this form of therapy, including patient compliance, has been investigated in a multicentre retrospective study. On the basis of data from 278 patients it was shown that 85% of the patients that had completed 3 years immunotherapy achieved a good or very good improvement. These short-term results are consistent with reports from earlier controlled clinical trials. The lasting benefit of this causal therapy conducted in 3 consecutive years was apparent in 85% of the patients an average of 3 years Inter. Therefore, this immunotherapy can lead to goad clinical improvement and economizes on both casts and time through a reduction in the need for antiallergic medication and the use of a short-term dosage schedule.
Identification and characterization of the major allergens of velvet grass (Holcus lanatus), Hol l 1 and Hol l 5; Although extract of velvet grass pollen is an important ingredient of commercial allergen extracts for immunotherapy, it is not defined concerning its major allergenic components. We have investigated the extract of velvet grass pollen by Western blotting using the sera of 97 patients and identified two major allergens of 34 and 30 kD. By two-dimensional immunoblotting with monoclonal antibodies and lectins, and by biochemical analysis the 34-kD protein was identified as a group I grass pollen allergen and the 30-kD protein as a group V grass pollen allergen. According to the nomenclature for grass pollen allergens we designated these allergens Hol l 1 and Hol l 5, respectively. Fragmentation of the velvet grass pollen extract by CNBr provided the first information on the localization of IgE binding epitopes on these two allergens. With Hol l 1 and Hol l 5 we identified two important components of commercial allergen extracts.
Antihistamine premedication in specific cluster immunotherapy: A double- blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Specific immunotherapy treatment in allergic diseases involves a risk of systemic side effects. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed in 45 patients allergic to pollen to determine whether pretreatment with loratadine could reduce the number and severity of systemic reactions during the dose-increase phase of cluster immunotherapy. Methods: The patients received cluster immunotherapy with a standardized birch (Betula verrucosa) or grass (Phleum pratense) pollen extract adsorbed to aluminum hydroxide. The immunotherapy schedule involved seven visits and 14 injections to reach a maintenance dose of 100,000 standardized quality units. Loratadine, 10 mg, or placebo tablets were administered 2 hours before the first injection at each visit. Results: A total of 720 injections were given (309 injections in 21 patients receiving loratadine and 411 injections in 24 patients receiving placebo). The median numbers of injections to reach maintenance dose were 15 (range, 14 to 18) in the loratadine group and 16 (range, 14 to 23) in the placebo group (p = 0.037). The numbers of patients with systemic reactions were seven (33%) and 19 (79%) in the loratadine and placebo groups, respectively (p = 0.002). Twenty-five reductions caused by systemic reactions were observed in the placebo group in contrast to nine in the loratadine group (p = 0.047). No life-threatening systemic reactions were observed in either group. Systemic reactions were, however, more severe in the placebo group, mainly because of a significantly higher incidence of urticaria (10 vs. 1, p = 0.022). Conclusion: Pretreatment with loratadine seems to reduce both the number and severity of systemic reactions in specific cluster immunotherapy.
Grass pollen immunotherapy inhibits allergen-induced infiltration of CD4+ T lymphocytes and eosinophils in the nasalmucosa and increases the number of cells expressing messenger RNA for interferon-γ; Background: Grass pollen injection immunotherapy is effective in patients with summer hay fever, although efficacy must be balanced against possible side effects. The mechanism of immunotherapy is unknown but may be related to its ability to inhibit allergen-induced late responses, which are known to be characterized by infiltration of T lymphocytes, eosinophils, and cells with messenger RNA for so-called T112-type cytokines (IL-4 and IL-5). Objective: This study was designed to observed the effect of grass pollen immunotherapy on late nasal responses and associated cellular infiltration and cytokine mRNA expression. Methods: We performed local nasal provocation with grass pollen (and a control challenge) in 28 patients after a 12-month double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of immunotherapy. Nasal biopsy specimens were obtained at 24 hours and processed for immunohistology and in situ hybridization studies. Results: Grass pollen immunotherapy inhibited allergen-induced immediate (0 to 60 minutes) increases in sneezing (p < 0.02) and nasal blocking (p < 0.01) and late (0 to 24 hours) nasal symptoms (p < 0.05). Immunotherapy also inhibited the associated infiltration of the nasal mucosa by CD4+ T lymphocytes and total (major basic protein-containing) and 'activated' (cationic protein-secreting) eosinophils (all p = 0.03). There was a significant (p = 0.04) increase in cells expressing mRNA for interferon-γ at 24 hours after allergen challenge, which correlated inversely with patients' seasonal symptoms (r = -0.65, p < 0.05) and medication requirements (r = -0.75, p<0.02) during the pollen season. Conclusion: The results suggest that successful grass pollen immunotherapy for summer hay fever may act by inhibiting allergen-induced T-lymphocyte and eosinophil recruitment and eosinophil activation in the target organ, possibly through a mechanism involving protective local increases in T111- type cells.
Immunotherapy for childhood asthma: Is there a rationale for its use?; Objective: This paper reviews the literature regarding immunotherapy in the management of childhood asthma. Immunotherapy is a well established treatment of venom allergy and allergic rhinitis, however its use in asthma remains controversial. Data Sources: We reviewed the pediatric literature from 1966 to 1994 and evaluated the existing studies for clinical efficacy of immunotherapy in childhood asthma. Study Selection: Only 12 purely pediatric studies existed over the time period that we reviewed. The studies used a variety of different antigens including house dust, house dust mite, grass, mold, cat, dog, and combinations of antigens. Results: In reviewing the studies, we assessed study duration, number of subjects, whether it was blinded, placebo controlled or open labeled, the measures of clinical efficacy and the assessments of specific and nonspecific bronchial reactivity. The studies were very heterogeneous, and therefore direct comparison and extrapolation of conclusions was difficult. The majority of the studies demonstrated either an improvement in asthmatic symptoms or a decrease in bronchial reactivity to the specific antigen employed, or both. The minority of studies demonstrated no clinical efficacy. The most consistent evidence of benefit was suggested in those trials employing house dust mite therapy, while immunotherapy for gross and cats demonstrated some benefit but the number of studies employing these treatments was very small. There are no trials that provide convincing evidence that immunotherapy with dog and mold antigens is effective for childhood reactive airway disease. Conclusion: Asthma is a multifactorial disease with many triggers. In establishing a role for immunotherapy one must consider all the different aspects such as allergic triggers, environmental stresses, and viral infections. The literature is unclear as to when immunotherapy should be initiated for childhood asthma. While there are suggestions that immunotherapy should be considered for the child with mild or moderate asthma and dust mite sensitivity when pharmacotherapy is not efficacious, the immunomodulatory properties of immunotherapy may actually be more tailored for early intervention in asthma rather than for use once symptoms have occurred. More research is required in order to clarify whether immunotherapy should be recommended more often for the treatment of childhood asthma.
Oral immunotherapy in the treatment of rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen; We have evaluated the efficacy of oral immunotherapy in 34 patients affected by seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis due to grass pollen. Diagnosis was performed on the basis of medical history, Skin Prick Test and Rast and the mean duration of the disease was 6 years. The treatment started in November and consisted of increasing daily doses of allergen
Effects of interferon-α on cytokine profile, T cell receptor repertoire and peptide reactivity of human allergen-specific T cells; A large panel of T cell clones (TCC) specific for the recombinant form of Poa pratensis allergen (rKBG7.2 or Poa p9) were established from the peripheral blood of a grass pollen-sensitive donor in the absence or presence of recombinant interferon-α (IFN-α) in bulk culture and their pattern of cytokine secretion, peptide reactivity and TCR Vβ repertoire was examined. The majority of allergen-specific TCC derived in absence of IFN-α produced high amounts of interleukin-4 (IL-4) and IL-5 but not IFN-γ (Th2 cells), while most of TCC derived in presence of IFN-α produced IFN-γ but not, or limited amounts of, IL-4 and IL-5 (Th1 or Th0 cells). Of 24 TCC established in the presence of IFN-α, 22 were able to recognize a single allergen peptide, p26, while none of the clones established in the absence of IFN-α showed a similar specificity. The majority of both clones expressed the Vβ2 element regardless of whether they were established in the presence of IFN-α, but the presence of IFN-α favored the expansion of Vβ2+, Vβ17+ and Vβ22+ Poa p9-specific T cells, whereas in the absence of IFN-α, other TCR Vβ-bearing T cells (Vβ5, Vβ6.7 and Vβ14) were expanded in addition to Vβ2+ T cells. None of Vβ2+ clones established in the absence of IFN-α reacted with p26, whereas all the Vβ2+ clones established in its presence responded to this peptide. IFN-α also shifted the TCR Vβ repertoire of both Poa p9- and Lolium perenne group 1 (Lol p1)-specific T cell lines generated from the same patient and from a different grass-sensitive individual. These data demonstrate that IFN-α modulates the development of allergen-specific T cells in vitro, and suggest that IFN-α may represent an useful tool for novel immunotherapeutic approaches in allergic disorders.
Local nasal immunotherapy with extract in powder form is effective and safe in grass pollen rhinitis: A double-blind study; Background: Local nasal immunotherapy has been studied, by means of an extract in powder form, in patients with allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollen. Methods: Thirty-two patients allergic to grass were studied for 37 weeks in a double-blind controlled trial. Subjects were selected on the basis of a positive history, skin test result. RAST finding, and result of intranasal challenge to grass pollen. Two 16-patient groups were randomly assigned to active or placebo treatment. The treatment lasted 26 weeks (14 for the build-up phase, 12 for the maintenance period). Results: No significant differences were observed in nasal symptoms during the treatment. During the pollen season the mean weekly symptom and medication scores were significantly lower in the treated group, compared with the control group, even considering each allergic symptom separately. Moreover, only in the treated group was a significant increase of specific nasal threshold to grass pollen observed after treatment. Conclusions: This study indicates that local nasal immunotherapy with allergen in powder form can be a suitable alternative to the traditional subcutaneous immunotherapy in terms of clinical efficacy and safety in grass-allergic rhinitis.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled study of immunotherapy with grass-pollen extract Alutard SQ during a 3-year period with initial rush immunotherapy; Thirty patients with asthma and/or monosensitized allergic rhinitis caused by grass pollen whose ages ranged from 15 to 35 years were selected. Two groups were established at random: an active group and a placebo group, and a double-blind study was done on treatment with immunotherapy for a period of 3 continuous years, with initiation doses administered according to the rush immunotherapy technique. Grass-pollen allergen extract Alutard SQ and histamine as a placebo were used. The objective parameters of efficacy evaluated were end-point cutaneous tests, conjunctival provocation, bronchial provocation, and symptom/medication scores, as well as specific immunoglobulin determinations. The statistical evaluation of the results was significant for the differences existing between the initial and final time of the active group, and there were significant differences between the two groups for all of the parameters considered. We found no relationship between clinical improvement and the range of specific immunoglobulin E values. Regarding the safety of the treatment, systemic adverse effects were manifested only in the initial phase (rush immunotherapy), and were easily controlled by treatment. We conclude that the efficacy and safety of immunotherapy with grass pollen make it possible to consider this treatment fundamental in these patients.
Immunotherapy with a standardized dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extract. V. Duration of the efficacy of immunotherapy after its cessation; Specific immunotherapy (SIT) using a standardized mite extract is effective and safe when administered under optimal conditions. However, the duration of its effectiveness after cessation of treatment remains unknown. Forty asthmatic subjects who had received SIT with a standardized Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus (Der p) extract under the same protocol were studied. All had received SIT for a period of 12-96 months and were not receiving pharmacologic treatment. The FEV1 was within normal range in all patients. After cessation of treatment, patients were followed for up to 3 years at 6-month intervals. The patient was considered to have relapsed when symptoms of asthma and/or rhinitis occurred and/or when pulmonary function tests were impaired. Skin tests with increasing concentrations of Der p were carried out before and at the end of SIT. Forty-five percent of the patients did not relapse. The duration of efficacy of SIT was related to the duration of SIT itself (P<0.04). Most patients who did not relapse had a decrease in skin test reactivity at the end of SIT, whereas most patients who relapsed did not show any change (P<0.003). The duration of efficacy of SIT after its cessation depends upon the duration of SIT and may be predicted by the effect of SIT on skin tests.
Recombinant expression and epitope mapping of grass pollen allergens; We have studied the expression of recombinant forms of Group 1 allergens from rye-grass and Bermuda grass pollens. Recombinant Lol p 1 expressed in bacteria bound serum IgE from allergic patients. Based on analysis of fragments of the Lol p 1 cDNA clone, the major IgE-reactive epitope has been mapped to the C-terminus. However, although SDS-denatured natural Cyn d 1 (from Bermuda grass) bound IgE, the full or partial recombinant proteins expressed in bacteria did not bind IgE. We have since expressed Cyn d 1 in the yeast Pichia pastoris and restored IgE binding. cDNA clones encoding two isoforms of Lol p 5, Lol p 5A and Lol p 5B, have been expressed in bacteria and resulting polypeptides show IgE-binding. Random fragments of these clones have been generated and when expressed as partial recombinant proteins in bacteria, allowed us to identify the major IgE-binding epitopes. The allergenic epitopes were localised towards the C-terminal half of the molecule. Although both isoforms shared similar IgE-reactive epitopes, Lol p 5B did not recognise the Lol p 5A-specific monoclonal antibody A7. At sequence level, there appear to be several amino acid differences between the antigenic epitopes of these two isoallergens. These results aid in the design of diagnostics and in grass pollen immunotherapy.
Clinical effects of specific immunotheraphy in children with atopic dermatitis.; The clinical results of specific immunotheraphy using Pollinex, Catalet, or Alavac S-HDM vaccines in 22 patients with atopic dermatitis are presented. The immunotheraphy in children with allergy to Dermatophagoides lasted for about 3 years and in children allergic to pollen grass antigens 3 pollen seasons. In the group of children submitted to specific immunotheraphy with Dermatophagoides antigens very good and good results after 3 years of treatment were observed in 75% of patients. In the patients treated with grass pollen antigens Catalet or Pollinex very good and good results were noted in 83% and 80% patients respectively. Our investigation showed, that specific immunotheraphy should be taken into consideration in the treatment of atopic dermatitis in carefully selected cases of children allergic to both grass pollen and Dermatophagoides allergens.
Comparison of IgE and IgG antibody responses of atopic individuals with sensitization to tree and grass pollens; Sera of atopic individuals with predominant sensitization to either tree pollen (TAs) or tree and grass pollens (TGAs) as well as of nonatopic subjects (NAs) were analyzed for IgE, IgG, and IgG4 antibodies specific for grass pollen allergens. Of 600 atopic individuals with serum IgE antibodies specific for birch pollen allergens, 54% also had serum IgE antibodies specific for grass pollen. The mean titers of IgG antibodies specific for grass pollen proteins were about 10 times higher in the sera of TGAs than those in the TAs and NAs. SDS-PAGE immunoblotting analysis of grass pollen proteins using sera of TGAs, TAs, and NAs with respect to the binding of these proteins with IgE and IgG antibodies in these sera exhibited a similar pattern of variation. Quantitation by enzyme immunoassay of the antibody binding to a recombinant grass pollen allergen, rKBG8.3, further demonstrated that elevated IgG antibody levels in TGAs are mainly due to a broader range of specificities, and not to high specific binding to the individual protein. Statistically significant correlation was found between IgE and IgG4 antibodies specific for the Kentucky bluegrass (KBG) extract, but not for the isolated recombinant allergen. These results indicate that the grass pollens elicit a complex array of antibody specificities in both atopics and nonatopics, and that the profile of antibodies specific to the pollen extract and pure allergens differs, suggesting that single grass allergens may be inadequate for replacing grass pollen extracts for immunotherapy.
Usefulness of soluble fractions in pollen immunotherapy; Data concerning the usefulness of immunotherapy with soluble fractions obtained from the grass Lolium perenne are exposed. These proteins named F33 were weekly injected during 3 years to 29 atopic patients suffering a typical pollinosis with clinical worsening during october, november and december. Specific IgE and IgG antibodies were measured before and after the immunotherapy with F33. Results revealed a marked increase of IgG and decrease of IgE. Clinical symptoms diminished throughout the trial and correlated with the immunological findings. Although the underlying mechanisms of immunotherapy are partially known its efficacy in the treatment of atopic patients is reinforced day after day.
Safety and efficacy of sublingual rush immunotherapy with grass allergen extracts. A double blind study; Thirty-four patients suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis with or without asthma due to grass pollen, were submitted to sublingual immunotherapy according to a double blind placebo controlled experimental plan
What can oral hyposensitization achieve?; On the basis of published data from numerous clinical studies the success rate for oral immunotherapy is between 65 and 94%. The success is further improved by prolonging hyposensitization, and eventually corresponds with that obtained by injection therapy. Retrospective evaluation of the most recent data shows that these results are reproducible: for 158 mite-allergic and 104 grass pollen-allergic patients who underwent oral hyposensitization for several years clinical improvement was achieved in 83% and 81% of the patients respectively. Oral hyposensitization is regarded as being particularly suitable for children with allergic rhinitis since it causes little inconvenience and can be used from an early age. Late damage - in particular development of asthma and the appearance of irreversible damage to the respiratory tract - may be prevented.
Oral hyposensitization of patients with plant pollens allergy; In 10 patients from 7-15, with seasonal symptoms of allergical disease of airways, conjunctives and nose oral hyposensitization was carried out. The patients were hyposensitized with grass pollen extracts produced by Sevac Firm. The pollen allergen was administered before pollinating season, in increasing doses recommended by the firm, during five month. The clinical effect, serum IgE allergen specific IgE (as IgE) - levels were assessed. In all patients after hyposensibilization milder symptoms were observed. Serum IgE - level was diminished in 7 patients. There was no change in as IgE levels.
Grass pollen immunotherapy: Efficacy and safety during a 4-year follow-up study; Grass pollen immunotherapy is effective, although efficacy must be balanced against side-effects. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 40 adult patients with summer hay fever, immunotherapy with a depot grass pollen extract (Phleum pratense, Alutard SQ) reduced symptoms and medication requirements with an acceptable minimal level of side-effects (31). The original placebo group, as well as the actively treated group, have now received active immunotherapy in an open fashion for a further 3 years. An important question was whether continued injection treatment was accompanied by maintained clinical improvement. By analysis of diary symptoms, rescue medication, and visual analogue scores during the pollen season, we show that efficacy was maintained throughout the 3-4-year study period. Clinical improvement was accompanied by a sustained and marked decrease in immediate conjunctival allergen sensitivity and a further significant decrease in the size of the allergen-induced late cutaneous response. In contrast, an initial decrease in the allergen-induced immediate cutaneous response was not maintained at 3-4 years. Of the patients, 37/40 completed the first year, 33/40 the second year, and 32/40 the third year of treatment. Patients dropped out for reasons other than the outcome of immunotherapy. During a total of 2598 injections, five immediate systemic reactions were observed, all during the induction (not maintenance) phase, and all occurred within 10 min of injection and responded promptly to adrenaline. Grass pollen immunotherapy is effective and safe, provided it is performed on carefully selected patients by trained physicians with immediate access to resuscitative measures.
Inhibitory effect on the migration of inflammatory cells into the nasal mucosa by immunotherapy; Immunotherapy (IT) has proved to be effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis. However, the underlying mechanisms of action are not yet fully understood. Recent findings showed that IT reduced the influx of inflammatory cells into the skin and bronchial mucosa following allergen provocation. We therefore focussed our interest on the migration of cells into the nasal mucosa. In this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study including 21 grass pollen-allergic subjects it was demonstrated that, in addition to a positive clinical effect, IT inhibits the migration of eosinophils and IgE-bearing cells. Cell migration was studied before the pollen season, during an 8-hour observation period following nasal allergen challenge, as well as under conditions of natural exposure to pollen during the season. Cell samples from nasal mucosa were harvested by a brush method. Eosinophils were identified by conventional hematoxylin-eosin staining and IgE positive cells by immunohistochemistry with monoclonal anti-human IgE-antibody. There were no differences in the numbers of cells between the active treatment and placebo groups prior to allergen exposure. During a 4 to 8-hour period after nasal allergen challenge there was a continuous increase in eosinophils and IgE-positive cells in both groups of subjects. The influx was markedly attenuated in the IT group, but this did not reach statistical significance. Under conditions of natural allergen exposure during the pollen season a progressive influx of both eosinophils and IgE-positive cells into the nasal mucosa was detected in the placebo group, whereas there was a slight decrease in both cell populations in the IT group. At the end of the pollen season there were significantly fewer cells of both populations in the IT treated group (p<0.01). The inhibitory effect on the migration of inflammatory cells may be associated with the reduced hyperresponsivenes of the nasal mucosa following IT, and may represent a basic mechanism of IT.
Grass pollen immunotherapy induces highly cross-reactive IgG antibodies to group V allergen from different grass species; Sera from two groups of patients receiving grass pollen immunotherapy were tested on IgG reactivity with group V allergen from six different grass species. One group of patients was treated with a mixture of 10 grass species, and the other with a mixture of five. Only Lolium perenne, Dactylis glomerata, and Phleum pratense were present in both mixtures. Although Anthoxanthum odoratum and Secale cereale were absent from the mixture of five, IgG responses to Ant o V and Sec c V were comparable in both patient groups. This reactivity was inhibited for 92-99% with L. perenne extract, illustrating the cross-reactive nature of the IgG antibodies. The presence of A. odoratum and S. cereale in the mixture resulted in only minor amounts of species-specific anti-group V IgG. These results indicate that application of just one grass species in immunotherapy might be sufficient to induce an IgG response that covers other relevant Gramineae species as well.
Tear IgE specific dosage to evaluate the desensitizing of atmospheric allergies using sublingual therapy; Eighty-eight patients with well-documented history of allergic conjunctivitis caused by pollen, mite hore and alternaria were treated locally with mast cell stabilizers. Moreover, they received a sublingual therapy with a solution of purified standardized allergen preparation (Stallergenes). Dosage of specific tear IgE was made using Stallerdiag. Dosage of tear IgE demonstrated mite allergy. We concluded that perlinguam immunotherapy with pollen, mite and alternaria extract is effective and safe. Consumption of eye drops (Lodoxamide) was significantly less.
Quadrillage - A co-seasonal treatment of pollinosis; In the presented study the benefit of a cosaisonal treatment of pollinosis by the quadrillage-method was evaluated. 12 grass pollen allergic individuals participated in the study, evaluation was performed in a randomized, double-blind, cross-over controlled manner. Scarifications were performed three times in 2 weeks intervals using Dactylis glomerata antigen (ALK SQ 214), histamine chloride solution (1 mg/ml) and physiological saline solution. 24 hours after quadrillage an allergen exposition in the Vienna Provocation Chamber using 1000 Dactylis glomerata grains/m3 was performed. During 120 minutes of provocation the following objective and subjective parameters were measured: 1 Nasal resistance and nasal flow, 2. nasal secretion, 3. subjective symptom score and 4. visual analogue scale. The statistical evaluation of all parameters demonstrated a significant effect of quadrillage with the specific allergen - Verum - as compared to the control substances histamine and sodium chloride. Therefore quadrillage can be considered as a feasible alternative or additional strategy for the coseasonal treatment of pollinosis.
T cell response to grass pollen allergens: Correlation with skin test reactivity and serum IgE levels; T cell proliferative responses to rye and Bermuda grass pollen allergens have been studied in a series of 51 atopic and 18 non-atopic subjects. Mean T cell responses were higher in the atopic group than in the non-atopic group (P < 0.001), and there was a strong correlation between the magnitude of reaction in the T cell assay and in the skin test (rye P < 0.01, Bermuda P < 0.05). A similar association was shown between T cell reactivity and serum levels of allergen-specific IgE (rye P < 0.05, Bermuda P < 0.05), but no relationship was found between serum allergen-specific IgG levels and any other parameter studied. T cell reactivity was not found in three cord blood samples tested. Discordance between positivity for T cell responses and skin test reactions in some cases might reflect reactivity by T cell subsets that promote IgG antibody or cell-mediated responses without IgE antibody production. A precise knowledge of T cell recognition of grass pollen allergens will provide exciting new prospects for more effective and safer immunotherapy strategies for allergic diseases including asthma.
A reduction in allergen-induced FcεR2/CD23 expression on peripheral B cells correlates with successful hyposensitization in grass pollinosis; Background: The cellular basis for the mechanism of specific hyposensitization is still unclear. Objective: We prospectively studied the effect of immunotherapy on allergen-induced proliferation and FcεR2/CD23 expression of lymphocytes. Methods: Mononuclear cells prepared from the peripheral blood of 22 patients with grass pollen (GP) allergy before, during, and after a preseasonal immunotherapy period with GP were stimulated with GP or control antigens. Tritiated thymidine uptake and percentage of CD23+B cells were determined daily during days 6 to 8 and compared with lymphocyte responsiveness of 11 only symptomatically treated atopic patients and 14 nonatopic individuals. Results: GP-induced lymphocyte proliferative response of both hyposensitized and symptomatically treated GP-allergic patients decreased markedly before the pollen season and rose again after seasonal allergen exposure, whereas a long-lived increase in GP-induced FcεR2/CD23+B cells was only observed in GP-treated patients. Alterations in Fcε2/CD23 expression were closely related to changes in symptoms and medication requirement during the following pollen season. In contrast, immunotherapy had no effect on Fcε/CD23 expression of B cells without stimulation or on B cells cultured in the presence of control antigens. Conclusion: Because FcεR2/CD23 expression on B cells is antagonistically regulated by the cytokines interleukin-4 and interferon- γ, the decrease of allergen-induced FcεR2/CD23+ B cells indicates an altered cytokine secretion pattern of the allergen-specific T lymphocytes with a predominance of interferon-γ.
Isolation of an immunodominant IgE hapten from an epitope expression cDNA library. Dissection of the allergic effector reaction; An epitope expression cDNA library was constructed from the randomly fragmented cDNA coding for Phl p I, the major grass pollen allergen. Using IgE from allergic patients, epitope clones were isolated and immunodominant fragments were selected. Among three epitope clones coding for a similar region of Phl p I, one clone expressed a 15-amino-acid epitope which was target for IgE antibodies from approximately 30% of grass pollen allergic patients. According to the prevalence of grass pollen allergy, 22% of all allergic patients are expected to display IgE reactivity with this epitope. Although the purified recombinant epitope specifically bound IgE, it did not release histamine from basophiles of most grass pollen allergic patients and thus represents an IgE hapten. Immunodominant IgE haptens may be useful as therapeutic agents to saturate mast cell-bound IgE prior to allergen exposure and may represent candidates for a safe immunotherapy of allergic diseases by reducing anaphylactic side effects.
Comparison of three in vitro assays for serum IgE with skin testing in asthmatic children; The diagnostic performance of three commercial assay kits [Phadezym RAST (PhRAST). Pharmacia CAP system (CAP), and multiple chemiluminescent assay (CLA-MAST) for measuring serum-specific IgE was evaluated and compared using intradermal skin testing or skin prick testing as reference standards. Serum samples were obtained from allergic patients who were tested with either intradermal skin tests or skin prick tests (96 and 49 subjects, respectively). Six different allergen extracts were tested: Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus. Candida albicans, Aspergillus, short ragweed, Bermuda grass, and cockroach mix. Results showed that when using intradermal skin testing as a reference standard, the CLA-MAST had the lowest sensitivity (75%), specificity (80%), and efficiency (85%) but the Pharmacia CAP system achieved the highest sensitivity, specificity, and efficiency (86%, 94%, and 91%, respectively). When compared with these two relatively new assays, the Phadezym RAST had medium sensitivity (80%), specificity (92%), and efficiency (88%). In contrast, when using skin prick testing as a reference standard, the highest specificity was achieved by Phadezym RAST (95%), followed by Pharmacia CAP system (90%), and MAST (81%). As for the sensitivity of each test, the Phadezym RAST was the lowest (60%) and Pharmacia CAP system reached the highest sensitivity (79%)
IgE-binding capacity of recombinant timothy grass (Phleum pratense) pollen allergens; A panel of 60 cDNA clones coding for IgE-binding proteins from timothy grass pollen was immunocharacterized with sera from 30 patients allergic to grass pollen and antibodies raised against natural grass pollen allergens. In the cases of five representative patients in whom the IgE reactivity pattern with the recombinant allergens had been determined, IgE immunoadsorption experiments were performed. Recombinant Phl p I, Phl p V, and Phl p II and recombinant timothy grass profilin were used for immunoadsorption of the sera, and the percentage of remaining grass pollen-specific IgE was estimated. Although most of the patients showed IgE reactivity to a number of different natural and recombinant timothy grass pollen allergens, up to 66% of IgE directed against blotted total natural grass pollen allergens could be immunoadsorbed from the sera with recombinant Phl p V and Phl p I. The data point to the usefulness of recombinant allergens not only to determine IgE specificities of allergic patients but also to estimate the percentage of specific IgE that individuals produce against certain allergens. The fact that only a limited number of recombinant timothy grass pollen allergens account for a high percentage of grass pollen-specific IgE points to the possible usefulness of recombinant allergens not only for in vitro diagnosis but probably also for specific immunotherapy.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial by the sublingual route of immunotherapy with a standardized grass pollen extract; Fifty-eight patients with well-documented history of seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis caused by grass pollens were allocated randomly on a double-blind basis to receive either sublingual therapy with a solution of purified, standardized allergen preparation (Stallergenes) or a matched placebo for 17 weeks. The assessment of the effect of oral immunotherapy, done with drops of five-grass allergen extract, was on the clinical symptoms and on the medication score of the authorized rescue treatments. The actively treated patients had significantly (P < 0.05 to P < 0.01) fewer symptoms of rhinitis (sneezing and rhinorrhea) and of conjunctivitis (redness and tears) during the pollen season than the placebo group. Consumption of nasal solution of sodium cromoglycate and of betamethasone and dexchlorpheniramine was significantly less in the desensitized group (P < 0.01). Side-effects were negligible. This study concludes that perlingual immunotherapy with grass pollen extract in grass-pollen-sensitive seasonal hay fever and conjunctivitis patients is effective, easy to perform, inexpensive, and safe.
Susceptibility of a grass-pollen oral immunotherapy extract to the saliva and gastric fluid digestive process; The oral and sublingual immunotherapy is still a controversial therapeutic procedure. One of the problems is knowing how much allergenic activity could the extracts loss due to the digestive process into the mouth and stomach. Using a grass-pollen oral and sublingual immunotherapy extract, we studied its degradation until reaching the small intestine. For this purpose we employed an in vitro model using the RAST-inhibition assay. We observed a 3.8 fold loss of allergenic activity after a 30 sec-incubation with saliva
Immunotherapy in pollen and mould asthma; Fifteen double-blind placebo-controlled studies in pollen and mould asthma have been carried out, the majority with grass pollen immunotherapy. Despite certain methodological limitations, the clinical efficacy was demonstrated in all studies performed. A decrease in specific immediate skin reactivity is relatively common during pollen and mould immunotherapy. In several studies the efficacy of immunotherapy was further indicated by the change in some functional parameters of the airways that sometimes seem to be related to the clinical results. At the moment available data do not indicate that IgG subclasses are useful in predicting the clinical outcome of immunotherapy. Currently the only methods which truly reflect the efficacy of immunotherapy are clinical evaluations. The effectiveness of this treatment is influenced by the quality of allergens used for immunotherapy and better results will probably be achieved in the future after further allergen purification and standardization.
Allergen immunotherapy decreases interleukin 4 production in CD4+ T cells from allergic individuals; Allergen specific CD4+ T cell clones generated from allergic individuals have been shown to produce increased levels of the cytokine interleukin 4 (IL-4), compared to allergen specific clones generated from nonallergic individuals. This difference between CD4+ T cells from allergic and nonallergic individuals with regard to cytokine production in response to allergen is thought to be responsible for the development of allergic disease with increased IgE synthesis in atopic individuals. We examined the production of IL-4 in subjects with allergic rhinitis and in allergic individuals treated with allergen immunotherapy, a treatment which involves the subcutaneous administration of increasing doses of allergen and which is highly effective and beneficial for individuals with severe allergic rhinitis. We demonstrated that the quantity of IL-4 produced by allergen specific memory CD4+ T cells from allergic individuals could be considerably reduced by in vivo treatment with allergen (allergen immunotherapy). Immunotherapy reduced IL-4 production by allergen specific CD4+ T cells to levels observed with T cells from nonallergic subjects, or to levels induced with nonallergic antigens such as tetanus toxoid. In most cases the levels of IL-4 produced were inversely related to the length of time on immunotherapy. These observations indicate that immunotherapy accomplishes its clinical effects by reducing IL-4 synthesis in allergen specific CD4+ T cells. In addition, these observations indicate that the cytokine profiles of memory CD4+ T cells can indeed be altered by in vivo therapies. Thus, the cytokine profiles of memory CD4+ T cells are mutable, and are not fixed as had been suggested by studies of murine CD4+ memory T cells. Finally, treatment of allergic diseases with allergen immunotherapy may be a model for other diseases which may require therapies that alter inappropriate cytokine profiles of memory CD4+ T cells.
Rush immunotherapy with sublingual administration of grass allergen extract; A study of RUSH specific immunotherapy by sublingual route has been performed. Twenty patients have been studied suffering from rhinoconjunctivitis a/o allergic asthma to grass pollen, divided in two homogeneous groups. The first group was treated with immunotherapy, the other was used as a comparison in open. The level of specific IgG4, specific IgE, drug consumption and the symptom score were monitored. The symptom and drug scores recorded by the patients during the pollen season were significantly reduced in the group undergoing sublingual allergen administration, thus proving the clinical efficacy of this treatment. There has not been, however, a significant reduction of specific IgE, nor a significant increase of specific IgG4 towards grasses, in the treated group, monitored before and at the end of the immunotherapy.
Cutaneous histamine reactivity, histamine content of commercial allergens, and potential for false-positive skin test reactions in dogs.; The cutaneous reactivity of normal and atopic dogs to intradermal injections of histamine phosphate was evaluated. Significant differences were not found in the mean wheal diameters of either group. Commercial allergens used for intradermal skin testing and immunotherapy were determined to contain histamine. To determine whether allergen histamine content was sufficient to cause false-positive skin test results, the cutaneous response of Johnson grass allergic dogs was compared, using commercial Johnson grass allergen and commercial Johnson grass allergen with histamine removed. Significant differences were not noticed between Johnson grass and dehistaminized Johnson grass. Therefore, the histamine content of commercial Johnson grass allergen did not appear to cause false-positive skin test results for this group of Johnson grass allergic dogs.
Linear monitoring of patients sensitive to Olea and grass pollens treated with immunotherapy based on glutaraldehyde-modified (allergoid) extracts; Extracts modified with glutaraldehyde (allergoid) have been offered to allergologists for immunotherapy in the last few years as supposedly clinically effective agents that diminish undesirable side-effects (allergenicity vs. immunogenicity). In order to acquire experience in the use of this therapeutic resource, we monitored a group of patients with pollinosis sensitive to Olea, grass pollens or both, who suffered from seasonal rhinoconjunctivitis (SRC) or rhinoconjunctivitis and seasonal asthma (RCSA) and were administered allergoid treatments standardized in biological units (HEP). The patients were monitored by determination of specific IgE and IgG4, endpoint prick tests and conjunctival provocation tests (CPT) with two types of antigen: Lolium perenne and Olea europaea. Measurements were made at baseline (T1), when the maximal tolerated dose had been given (T2) and 1 year after the treatment was started (T3). According to our results, this type of extract is tolerated quite well and causes no alterations in specific IgG4 or IgE levels. On the other hand, it features significantly decreased allergen-specific skin reactivity and increased response thresholds to the CPT (p < 0.01). A high correlation between skin and conjunctival provocation tests was observed at some stages (r = 0.79, p < 0.01).
A prospective safety-monitoring study of immunotherapy with biologically standardized extracts; We evaluated the safety of immunotherapy in 419 patients who attended our allergy department for treatment. They were suffering from rhinitis and asthma caused by sensitization to grass pollen or Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus. Immunotherapy was given by biologically standardized aluminum hydroxide adsorbed extracts according to a conventional schedule. Local reactions were recorded in 10.5% of the patients and systemic reactions in 4.8%. Only 0.37% of the doses administered were associated with systemic side-effects. We found that 84% of the patients who showed systemic reactions were asthmatic subjects (P < 0.01), and most of them were sensitized to D. pteronyssinus (71%). Side-effects occurred more frequently during the dose-increased period (P < 0.05). After 9,482 doses had been administered, no anaphylactic shock or life-threatening reactions were registered. We believe the risk associated with immunotherapy to be drastically reduced when treatment is carefully monitored by skilled personnel. In such conditions, as shown by our study, immunotherapy is safe.
Identification of canary grass (Phalaris aquatica) pollen allergens by immunoblotting: IgE and IgG antibody-binding studies; The pollen of canary grass, which was introduced as a pasture grass from Europe, is a major allergen in the external environment of southern Australia. Seventeen allergenic fractions of canary grass pollen, ranging in mol. mass from 14 to 100 kDa, have been identified by immunoblotting, using IgE antibodies from sera of 24/30 grass-pollen-allergic subjects. The highest frequency of IgE binding (77%) was to a major 34-kDa fraction (tentatively designated Pha a I). This protein has been partially purified and identified as a group I allergen by immunodepletion experiments, with partially purified Lol p I (from rye-grass pollen), atopic serum, and Lol p I-specific MAb. In addition, microsequencing of the N-terminus of Pha a I showed an amino acid sequence identical to Lol p I. In a separate study, IgE binding to Western blots of Pha a I, Lol p I, and Cyn d I was investigated in 24 sera and found to occur in 19/24, 18/24, and 9/24, rspectively. IgE binding to all three major allergens, and to both Pha a I and Lol p I, occurred in 8/24 sera. Our findings suggest that while the N-terminal sequence of Pha a I is identical to Lol p I, there may be specific allergenic epitopes exclusive to this allergen that are important for allergenicity in southern Australia.
Systemic reactions occurring during immunotherapy with standardized pollen extracts; Specific immunotherapy with standardized extracts administered by a rush protocol can induce systemic reactions (SRs). A prospective study was conducted in 454 pollen-allergic patients (aged 5 to 62 years) (1) to compare the incidence of SRs during a 3-day rush or step protocol, (2) to determine if patients presenting pollen asthma or those allergic to multiple pollen species would have an increased incidence of SRs, and (3) to attempt to decrease SRs. According to their sensitivity, patients received standardized extracts of orchard grass, and/or Parietaria, and/or olive, and/or plane-tree pollen with the same allergenically bioequivalent maintenance dose. Patients 10 years of age and older received 2000 BU
Allergen immunotherapy for the patient with allergic rhinitis; Allergic rhinitis is common. Its immunologic basis and pathophysiology have become clearer, based on nasal provocative challenge with allergen. The allergic response involves a number of vasoactive chemical mediators and an inflammatory component comprising primarily eosinophils and influxing basophils. Improved pharmacologic agents and avoidance of allergen exposure have reduced the need for immunotherapy for many sufferers. Nonetheless, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies with immunotherapy have demonstrated beneficial effects. In general, immunotherapy with pollen extracts and dust mite antigens appears to be effective. Further studies with animal danders and fungal allergens, particularly using improved reagents, are needed to establish their beneficial effects.
Titration of immunotherapy by periodical nasal allergic challenges in the treatment of allergic rhinitis; Objective: To determine the benefits of nasal allergen challenge (NAC) in monitoring immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis in a clinical setting. Design: Two hundred consecutive courses of immunotherapy, with pyridine-extracted alum-precipitated allergen extracts (Allpyral), were personally carried out by the writer and analysed. Diagnosis before treatment was confirmed by NAC and the duration of treatment determined by periodical NAC. Setting: Consultant allergist's clinical practice. Participants: Patients with allergic rhinitis who were referred for treatment
Allergy practice forum: Hayfever in the United Kingdom; In the U.K. allergy to grass pollen is the single most important cause of seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (hayfever). The prevalence of the disease appears to be increasing, although the precise reasons for this are at present unknown. The introduction of non-sedating H1-selective antihistamine drugs and local corticosteroids has been an important therapeutic advance. Immunotherapy (desensitization) has a part to play in the treatment of hayfever unresponsive to anti-allergic medication but because of the danger of systemic reactions its use is limited to specialized centres.
Differences in clinical and immunologic reactivity of patients allergic to grass pollens and to multiple-pollen species. II. Efficacy of a double-blind, placebo-controlled, specific immunotherapy with standardized extracts; The IgE response of patients only allergic to grass pollens differs from response of patients allergic to multiple-pollen species. The IgE immunoblots to orchard-grass pollens confirmed that polysensitized patients had more proteins revealed than patients only allergic to grass pollens. To determine if both groups of patients present a different response toward specific immunotherapy (IT), a double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed in 70 patients. Patients receiving the active treatment had a rush IT with either a standardized orchard grass-pollen extract or with a standardized mixed-pollen extract prepared, depending on the sensitivity of the patients. The maintenance dose was defined as that dose effective in grass-pollen IT in previous experiments. The same equipotent maintenance dose was administered for all pollen species. Symptom-medication scores during the pollen season and nasal challenge with orchard grass-pollen grains demonstrated that grass pollen-allergic patients had a significantly improved efficacy by comparison to placebo treatment, whereas polysensitized patients had a nonsignificant improvement. Serum grass-pollen IgG was significantly increased after IT in both treated groups. This study demonstrate that the response toward specific IT differs in patients only allergic to grass pollens by comparison to polysensitized patients.
Allergen-antibody complexes can efficiently prevent seasonal rhinitis and asthma in grass pollen hypersensitive patients. Allergen-antibody complex immunotherapy; We have prepared antigen-antibody complexes from grass pollen allergens and autologous specific antibodies isolated by immunoadsorption from the serum of allergic patients. These complexes were inoculated into patients in a double-blind trial to evaluate their effect on grass pollen-related rhinitis and bronchial asthma. Thirty-eight grass pollen-hypersensitive patients were allocated to three groups
Immunotherapy and allergic inflammation; A double-blind placebo-controlled trial of allergen injection immunotherapy in adult patients with severe summer hayfever. We used a partially purified biologically standardised grass pollen depot preparation (Alutard SQ, ALK Denmark Ltd.). Immunotherapy was extremely effective in reducing symptoms and medication requirement. Clinical improvement was accompanied by a decrease in both a target organ (conjuntival) and skin sensitivity. The injections were well-tolerated with minimal side effects. The results suggest that 30 minutes rather than 2 hours is an acceptable post-injection observation period. Successful immunotherapy was accompanied by suppression of the late cutaneous response to allergen. Specific immunostaining of skin biopsies revealed inhibition of the characteristic CD4+ T cell and EG2+ activated eosinophil cellular infiltrate during the late response. There was a significant relationship between CD4+ T cell and eosinophil counts after immunotherapy, i.e. the lower the number of infiltrating CD4+ cells, the lower the eosinophil counts. An unexpected finding was a prominent CD25+ (interleukin-2 receptor positive) cellular infiltrate which was only observed following Alutard SQ. Further studies involving double immunostaining methods should identify the phenotype of these activated, IL-2R+ cells. Based on murine studies Mosmann and colleagues have classified T cell responses into two types according to their profile of lymphokine production. TH1 cells produce predominantly the IL-4 family of cytokines (IL-3, IL-4, IL-5) whereas TH2 cells produce predominantly interleukin-2 and interferon gamma. Insofar as the Mosmann classification may possibly be relevant to human T cell responses, the above findings would support a switch from a 'TH2-' to a 'TH1-' lymphocyte responses following immunotherapy. The profile of cytokine release from 'TH2' type cells would facilitate an eosinophil and mast cell-rich inflammatory cell infiltrate and promote local IgE production, features consistent with the allergen-induced late response. In contrast, switching to a predominantly 'TH1' response would result in enhanced interferon-gamma production with inhibition of local IgE production. Proliferation of 'TH1' type cells in response to secreted interleukin-2 would result in enhanced interleukin-2 receptor expression (as identified in our late-phase biopsies after immunotherapy). This view is consistent with the recent observation that interleukin-4 suppress IL-2 receptor expression and IL-2-dependent proliferation of human T cells. Further studies involving double immunostaining and in situ hybridisation using the appropriate interleukin gene probes should enable us to test this hypothesis.
Usefulness of immunotherapy in patients with severe summer hay fever uncontrolled by antiallergic drugs; Objective - To evaluate the efficacy and safety of immunotherapy (hyposensitisation) in patients with severe summer hay fever. Design - A randomised, double blind, placebo controlled study of a biologically standardised depot grass pollen extract. Setting - Allergy clinic, Royal Brompton and National Heart Hospital, London. Patients - 40 adults (mean age 35 years) with a history of severe grass pollen allergy uncontrolled by standard antiallergic drugs. Patients with perennial asthma were specifically excluded. Intervention - Patients were randomised to receive either an active preparation (Alutard SQ, a grass pollen (Phleum pratense) extract) or placebo at a rate of two subcutaneous injections a week in increasing doses until a maintenance dose was reached. This maintenance dose was given once a month. Main outcome measures - Clinical efficacy was evaluated by symptom and drug diary cards, visual analogue scores during the grass pollen season, and a postseasonal assessment by the patients and a doctor. Conjunctival and skin sensitivity to local allergen provocation was measured before and after eight months of treatment. Results - There was a highly significant decrease (median Alutard SQ v median placebo (95% confidence interval for difference between medians)) in total sympton scores (p = 0.001) in the Alutard SQ treated group (360 v 928 (238 to 825)). Significant differences were also found in total drug use (p = 0.002, 129 v 627 (178 to 574)). Visual analogue symptom scores were also reduced in the active group (p = 0.02, 2.2 v 5.5 (-4.8 to -0.5)). The postseasonal assessment, by either the doctor or the patients, showed a large improvement (p < 0.001) in favour of Alutard SQ. Provocation tests showed a greater than 10-fold reduction for the active group in immediate conjunctival allergen sensitivity (p = 0.001), a 40% decrease in early phase response (p = 0.02), and a 57% decrease in the late phase (p 0.001) cutaneous response after intradermal allergen. A total of 523 active injections were given. There was one systemic reaction at 10 minutes after injection, which was rapidly reversed with intramuscular adrenaline. There was one mild delayed urticarial reaction at 2 1/2 hours. Conclusion - Immunotherapy is effective in patients with severe summer hay fever, but immediate anaphylactic reactions limit its use to specialised centres. Patient selection is extremely important, and chronic perennial asthma should be specifically excluded. As serious reactions occur within minutes a two hour wait for all patients after each injection seems unnecessary.
Reappraisal of inhalant allergens available for allergy practice in Japan. A need to increase allergen extracts available for immunotherapy; In an attempt to assess whether or not the availability of inhalant allergens for diagnosis and treatment of allergic diseases in Japan is adequate, we tested 21 Japanese patients with allergic rhinitis or bronchial asthma against 75 inhalant allergens commonly used in the United States of America. These 21 patients had never lived outside of Japan and came to the United States for the purpose of diagnosis and treatment of their allergic diseases. We determined the importance of each allergen by calculating an allergenicity index. Allergenicity index for a given allergen was defined as a sum of a multiple of each of 4 grades of prick test reactions to the allergen and a number of patients reacting to the allergen with each corresponding grade. Mite had the highest allergenicity index, followed by house dust. All 14 pollen allergens occupying the 3rd through 12th ranks including many grass and weed pollens are not available for immunotherapy in Japan. Japanese cedar pollen which is considered the most important pollen allergen in Japan ranked the 13th. Of a total 25 allergens occupying from the 1st through 13th ranks 22 allergens are not available for immunotherapy including the most important allergen, mite. These results suggest that we should expand the list of allergens available for diagnosis and treatment of allergic diseases in Japan.
Hyposensitization therapy with whole pollen extract or purified allergens monitored by immunoblotting; Patients allergic to grass pollen were hyposensitized with two major allergenic components or whole extract of timothy grass pollen. Specific IgE, IgG1, and IgG4 formed during immunotherapy were analyzed by immunoblotting. Similar antibody-binding patterns were observed in both patient groups. Inhibition experiments using allergenic components isolated by preparative sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis indicated that all antigenic components of timothy grass pollen detected in immunoblot dispose of private and cross-reactive determinants for binding of human IgE. The worse clinical outcome of immunotherapy after hyposensitization with two cross-reactive components did, therefore, not correlate with a specific antibody formation pattern.
Desensitization at the first stage of IGE-mediated response as hay fever prophylaxis; The aim of our work was to assess the prophylactic aspects of desensitization at the first stage of IgE-mediated response to grass pollen antigens (GPA). Forty six patients aged 10-45 (Me = 20.45) years (group I) and 50 patients aged 11-45 (Me = 19.17) years (group II) were included in to the study. All of them: 1) suffered from allergic rhinitis due to house dust (HD), feathers (F), weed (W) or tree (T) pollen, 2) had also some other allergic diseases, 3) had positive family history of allergic disorders, 4) had reproducible, strongly positive skin reaction of type I to GPA, but 5) did not show any clinical symptoms of hypersensitivity to GPA. Specific immunotherapy with HD, F, W, and T aqueous extracts was administered to both groups for at least 3 successive years, while parallel desensitization with GPA aqueous extract was carried out in group I, only. The symptoms of grass pollinosis were searcher for and the effects of immunotherapy were evaluated in all the patients over the period of at least 5 successive years after the complete course of vaccines administration. Clinical signs of hypersensitivity to GPA became evident in 6 patients (13.04%) of group I and in 27 patients (54.00%) of group II (p less than 0.001). Thus the desensitization at the first stage of IgE-mediated response to GPA effectively prevented development of the symptomatic hay fever. However, the disease revealed itself in few cases still much later and its course was much milder than in people who were not subjected to such a preventive desensitization.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Oral immunotherapy with grass pollen in enterosoluble capsules. A prospective study of the clinical and immunological response; In a prospective study spanning 2 years, 60 patients with grass pollen allergy were treated with either a low dose oral, a high dose oral or a subcutaneous hyposensitization regime. No significant improvement was seen in the orally treated patients whereas those on the subcutaneous hyposensitization regime demonstrated a decreased specific cutaneous reactivity, a rise in specific IgG antibodies and a reduction in symptoms. This study suggests that oral hyposensitization, even with enterosoluble grass pollen capsules, is ineffective.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids. IV. Comparison of the safety and efficacy of two dosages of a high-molecular-weight allergoid; Specific immunotherapy is still widely used in grass-pollen allergy, but its side effects may limit its use. We tested the safety and efficacy of a formalinized high-molecular-weight allergoid prepared from a mixed grass-pollen extract with two injection schedules in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Eighteen patients received placebo, 19 received the low-dose schedule (maximal dose: 2000 PNU) and 20 received the high-dose schedule (maximal dose: 10,000 PNU). Only one patient presented a systemic reaction of moderate severity for a dose of 1200 PNU. Before the onset of the pollen season, patients had a nasal challenge with orchard grass-pollen grains, a skin test titration, and the titration of serum-specific IgG. Both groups of patients presented a significant reduction in nasal and skin sensitivities and a significant increase in IgG compared to placebo. Symptoms and medications for rhinitis and asthma were studied during the season, and both groups receiving allergoids had a significant reduction of symptom-medication scores for nasal and bronchial symptoms. There was a highly significant correlation between nasal symptom-medication scores during the season and the results of nasal challenges. High-molecular-weight allergoids are safe and effective.
Detection of auto-anti-idiotypic antibodies to Lol p I (rye I) IgE antibodies in human sera by the use of murine idiotypes: Levels in atopic and non-atopic subjects and effects of immunotherapy; Anti-idiotypic antibodies (anti-Id Abs) are involved in the regulation of a number of immune responses including the IgE antibody production. In atopic patients, the increased synthesis of IgE antibodies could be related to a defective production of regulatory anti-Id Abs. In the present study, we first developed a sensitive assay for measuring the levels of anti-Id Abs directed against antibodies specific for Lol p I, the major allergenic determinant of Lolium perenne (rye grass). In this assay, we used previously described murine monoclonal anti-Lol p I antibodies that were shown to share epitopic specificities with human anti-Lol p I IgE and IgG antibodies, thus short-cutting the need for purification of F(ab')2 fragments of human IgG Abs and insuring optimal specificity and sensitivity. Levels of anti-Id Abs against two anti-Lol p I monoclonal antibodies (290A-167, 348A-6) were higher in normal volunteers than in untreated atopic patients. Specific immunotherapy increased the levels of anti-Id Abs to those of normal volunteers. These observations suggest a role for the Id-anti-Id network in the regulation of IgE antibody production.
A double-blind study on the value of low-dose immunotherapy in the treatment of asthma and allergic rhinitis; Twenty children with asthma and 20 with allergic rhinitis associated with positive prick skin tests to the local tree, grass and weed pollens, and who were on low-dose immunotherapy, were first taken off immunotherapy. Symptoms in 31, 17 with asthma and 14 with allergic rhinitis, increased in severity, suggesting that they were being benefitted by immunotherapy. These children were then enrolled in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial using low-dose immunotherapy. Each child received one month's treatment with either the active or placebo extract, then a two-week washout period, followed by a further month's treatment with the alternative (placebo or active) extract. The study was carried out between May and September, during the pollen season. Response to treatment was gauged by symptom scores and dependence on medications. Of the 29 children who completed the study, 17 were benefitted by the active extract and eight by the placebo
Double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids: III. Efficacy and safety of unfractionated and high-molecular-weight preparations in rhinoconjunctivitis and asthma; Specific immunotherapy with unmodified formalinized allergoids is effective in grass-pollen allergy, but systemic reactions have been observed. A high-molecular-weight formalinized allergoid (HMW-GOID) was fractionated by gel filtration, retaining molecules of >85,000 daltons in the expectation of improving safety without sacrificing efficacy. HMW-GOID and unfractionated allergoid (GOID) had a similar allergenic activity assessed by RAST inhibition, but the HMW-GOID preparation was 65 times less reactive than it was tested by skin prick test than the GOID preparation. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study was carried out in grass pollen-allergic patients with placebo (14 patients), GOID (15 patients), and HMW-GOID (13 patients). An additional group of 18 patients was treated by a rush schedule with a standardized orchard grass-pollen extract. A similar mean cumulative dose was administered with both allergoids. The fractionated allergoid only elicited minor systemic reactions similar to reactions elicited by placebo, whereas 20% of patients treated by GOID and 5.5% of patients receiving the standardized extract had a severe systemic reaction. For rhinitis, conjunctivitis, and asthma, the HMW-GOID and the standardized extract had a similar efficacy, significantly greater than placebo. GOID was less effective than the other two active treatments but was significantly more effective than placebo treatment for asthma and conjunctivitis.
Specific IgE and IgG antibody responses in children to timothy pollen components during immunotherapy; Fourteen children with timothy grass pollinosis were given immunotherapy (IT) for 3 years with a purified and characterized timothy grass pollen preparation or a crude aqueous timothy pollen extract. Crossed radioimmunoelectrophoresis (CRIE) showed that 75% of the children under 11 years of age developed new specificities of IgE antibodies against timothy antigens, in contrast to older children, where no development of IgE antibodies against new timothy antigens could be detected. IgE antibodies were only detected against antigens formerly known as allergens. Timothy-specific IgG antibodies increased in most children during hyposensitization against the major allergens Ag 19 and Ag 24/25 and several other IgE-binding timothy antigens.
The effect of preseasonal immunotherapy on the production of histamine-releasing factor (HRF) by mononuclear cells from patients with seasonal asthma: Results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study; The effect of immunotherapy on the production of histamine-releasing factor (HRF) by mononuclear cells (MNC) from patients with seasonal asthma was investigated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study. Twenty-four patients with asthma were randomly divided into a placebo-treated group and a grass pollen-treated group. In vitro production of HRF by MNCs and the provocative concentration of histamine that causes 20% fall in FEV1 were measured before and after immunotherapy, and symptoms were monitored during the pollen season. MNCs from the patients were either cultured alone, spontaneous HRF production (spHRF), or in the presence of grass allergens (grass-stimulated HRF production), and the supernatants were assayed for HRF activity with basophils from a single donor after the study. We found that MNCs from patients with seasonal asthma to grass pollen spontaneously produce substantial amounts of HRF. The group of patients treated with placebo developed typical symptoms in the pollen season and also an increase in HRF production. In contrast, patients treated with grass pollen demonstrated reduced symptoms and no increase in spHRF production. A high degree of correlation between spHRF productions and symptom scores in both treated groups was noted. After 2 years of immunotherapy, allergen-stimulated HRF production decreased significantly, whereas spHRF production decreased significantly only in the patients who were clinically benefitted. The change in the provocative concentration of histamine that causes 20% fall in FEV1 during the pollen season highly correlated with the change in HRF production. The results of this study suggest that HRF might be involved in the pathogenesis of atopic asthma.
Combination of parenteral and oral immunotherapy in grass pollen-allergic children. A double-blind controlled study of clinical and immunological efficacy; Twenty patients with a proven sensitization to grass pollens were treated with parenteral 'priming' and subsequently with either oral 'booster' (n = 10) or placebo (n = 10) extension course. The study was carried out in a double-blind manner. Cumulative preseasonal parenteral dosage was 3,100 NU (Noon Units), patients in the oral group subsequently received 123.9 mg of grass pollen extract during the pollen season. No side effects were noted after intake of the oral preparation. No significant differences (95% confidence interval) were noted comparing results of in vivo (skin prick test and conjunctival provocation test) and in vitro tests (specific serum IgE- and IgG-antibodies) between the two groups. Analysis of symptom and medication scores as well as subjective assessment of patients revealed no superiority of oral 'booster' over placebo. Data obtained in this study does not support the concept of combined parenteral and oral treatment. This is in contrast to work reported previously.
Variations in antigen-specific histamine release related with immunotherapeutic treatment.; The present study analyzes the variations in the percentage of histamine release of 34 allergic patients receiving immunotherapy
Change in sensitization parameters during allergen immunotherapy with an immunochemically characterized grass pollen extract; A perennial hyposensitization treatment over 2 years was performed in 18 pollen-allergic patients (14 children, 4 adults) with a standardized and purified grasspollen extract. The selection for therapy was provided by allergen titration in skin prick test, conjunctival test and by the estimation of specific IgE to timothy. The reported decrease of seasonal symptoms was accompanied by reduced sensitivity in skin test and conjunctival provocation test (p < 0,001, p < 0,05). No consistent change in specific IgE was observed at the end of the study. Specific IgG antibodies significantly raised and persisted (p < 0,001). A successful hyposensitization treatment with grasspollen could be monitored by in-vivo and in-vitro parameters.
Does the effect of immunotherapy last after termination of treatment? Follow-up study in patients with grass pollen rhinitis; In a previous study, 39 adults with grass pollen allergy were hyposensitized for approximately 1/2 years. Treatment was performed in a double-blind fashion with extract made from timothy grass - either Alutard SQ 20- component extract or a purified 2-component extract, including only the two major allergens Phl p V and VI. Standardized symptom + medicine scores and challenge tests demonstrated a clinical effect, most markedly in the group receiving 20-component extract. Six years after termination of treatment, 38 patients could be approached and 16 in each group were examined and repeated symptom scoring during the subsequent season. When adjustment for variation in pollen counts were made, medicine + symptom scores stayed low during the follow-up period. Specific IgE-antibodies against timothy showed an increase to initial values during the same period, whereas total IgE antibodies remained low. Skin prick test reactions with timothy allergen tended to increase but were still smaller than before treatment. Retrospectively, the patients reported symptoms to have stabilized or even further decreased after termination of treatment, with no significant difference between groups. In conclusion, the clinical effect was still present more than 6 years after termination of treatment. Some in vitro parameters tended to return to pretreatment level. The spontaneous course of the disease in non-hyposensitized patients was not investigated.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids. II. Comparison between parameters assessing the efficacy of immunotherapy; Specific immunotherapy is effective in alleviating symptoms in grass pollen-induced rhinitis, but there are no clear data demonstrating a correlation between symptom-medication scores and objective parameters. Twenty-five patients taking part in a double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass pollen-formalinized allergoids were studied. All patients had the same investigations. Symptom-medication scores were significantly (p < 0.005, Mann-Whitney U test) reduced in the treated group by comparison to the placebo-treated patients. Nasal challenges performed with threefold increasing numbers of orchard grass-pollen grains demonstrated that patients treated with allergoid tolerated a significantly (p < 0.005, Wilcoxon W test) greater number of grains after treatment, whereas there was no mean difference in the placebo-treated patients. There was a significant (p < 0.005, Spearman rank-correlation) correlation between nasal challenges and symptom scores during the season. The skin prick test end point was significantly (p < 0.001, Wilcoxon W test) reduced after treatment in the allergoid-treated group and remained unchanged in the placebo-treated group. There was a significant (p < 0.001) correlation between the skin prick test end point and symptom scores during the season. Serum grass-pollen IgG titrated by a solid-phase radioimmunoassay with Staphylococcus A protein was significantly (p < 0.01, Wilcoxon W test) increased after treatment with allergoid, but there was no significant correlation between IgG titer and symptom scores during the season. Serum grass-pollen IgE increased (p < 0.04, Wilcoxon W test) in the treated group but there was no correlation with symptom scores.
Lymphocyte transformation by grass pollen allergens: a study of atopic patients receiving immunotherapy. Part II. Patients during maintenance treatment; We have previously reported on peripheral blood lymphocyte (PBL) transformation by allergen, PPD as a control antigen and PHA as a mitogen during and after a preseasonal immunotherapy period. The present report describes similar parameters during and after the ensuing maintenance treatment period. Ten patients with grass pollen rhinitis were treated with Allpyral extract and 10 with Conjuvac two-grass mixture. Lymphocyte transformation responses to grass antigen continued to be low for PBL from patients during the maintenance treatment. Postseasonal values were higher during treatment. In late autumn 1980, when treatment had been stopped, there was a spontaneous fall in lymphocyte stimulation values. Occasional high values were noticed in some patients, two of whom had treatment side effects (urticaria). Clinical data during the whole treatment period (skin prick test, provocation tests, serological parameters, total IgE, grass-specific IgE, grass-specific IgG, pollen counts, symptom scores, clinical effect and adverse reactions) have been published separately.
Treatment of hay fever by Allerglobuline: A randomized double-blind study; Eighty patients suffering from documented hay fever have been entered in a double-blind randomized study with the purpose of evaluating the efficacy of Allerglobuline®, a 10% human immunoglobuulin preparation of placental origin, in the treatment of hay fever. The placebo was a 10% human albumin solution. The treatment started 6 weeks before the customary onset time of the clinical symptoms. It included a course of ten pre-seasonal intramuscular injections, with 1 vial (5 ml) given twice a week, and followed by a booster injection of 1 vial on 15 June and 30 June during the grass pollen season. As the two groups of patients were similar, it was possible to demonstrate a significant symptomatic relief of rhinitis and conjunctivitis in the treated group, compared with the control group (P<0.0001), and an improvement of the respiratory symptoms. Symptomatic improvement was already apparent at the onset of the pollen season and persisted during the following weeks. An appreciable reduction in the consumption of antihistamines could also be shown (P<0.0001). Furthermore, a lesser increase in the total IgE level and in the specific cereal and grass pollen RAST could be demonstrated. This treatment can be seriously considered for the management of severe pollen allergy, particularly in those cases that show a poor response to immunotherapy.
Immunological properties of chemically produced fragments of rye grass pollen extract; Two fragment pools, one of MW >10,000 and the other of MW between 1000 and 10,000, were prepared by the sequential treatment of rye grass pollen extract with cyanogen bromide (cleavage at Met-X) and 2-nitro-5-thiocyanobenzoic acid (cleavage at X-Cys). Electrophoretic analysis of the two pools showed that none of the major components of the whole extract remained intact. Characterisation of the two fragment pools by radioimmunoassay showed that whilst they both lost the ability to bind to human anti-rye IgE antibodies, they largely retained their reactivity towards both human and mouse anti-rye IgG antibodies. In addition, the higher molecular weight pool retained its ability to stimulate extract-specific T cells, after accessory cell processing. This separation of the immunological properties of rye grass pollen extract by chemical cleavage is seen as a basis for the development of novel immunotherapy agents.
Immunotherapy in children with pollenosis and pollen asthma using a modified depot allergoid extract (grass/rye = 80/20%); 24 children with confirmed hay fever and pollenasthma had been included in a comparative clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of a specific hyposensitization. 13 children (6-16 years) received active treatment with allergoid depot (grass/rye = 80/20%). Eleven children (6-20 years) served as a control group. During immunotherapy the patients received a mean number of eleven injections at one to two weeks intervals from December 85 to April 86. The mean top dose was 37384 TE, the mean cumulative dose was 77596 TE (TE = Therapeutical Units). For patients under active treatment a significant (p < 0.01) improvement was found during the following pollen season. There was a significant (p < 0.01) increase of specific IgG (mean net rise 169.5% ± 63.8% CV of the initial value) during active treatment and a significant (p < 0.01) difference between both groups for specific IgG after the last injection had been administered. Specific IgE did not change statistically for both groups. Only for the depot allergoid group we found a positive correlation (p < 0.05) between symptom + medication scores and RAST classes as well as for clinical improvement and increase of specific IgG. Considering the fact, that this treatment was tolerated well (local late phase reactions after 13% of the injections, mild transient systemic reactions after 2.7% of the injections) the significant efficacy reached in the actively treated group justifies the use of hyposensitization treatment with depot allergoid in children.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled immunotherapy with mixed grass-pollen allergoids. I. Rush immunotherapy with allergoids and standardized orchard grass-pollen extract; Forty-five grass pollen-allergic patients were randomly assigned to three groups according to their skin test and RAST sensitivities and the severity of seasonal rhinitis. Eleven patients were treated with placebo (group 1), 19 patients (group 2) were treated with a six-mixed grass-pollen allergoid prepared by mild formalinization with a two-step procedure, and 15 other patients were treated with a standardized orchard grass-pollen extract (group 3). Because of a different immunotherapy schedule, only patients placed in group 1 and 2 received the extracts in a double-blind fashion. Rush immunotherapy was performed in 3 to 6 days, and the maintenance dose was subsequently administered weekly for 4 weeks and every 2 weeks until the end of the grass-pollen season. During the season, a coseasonal treatment was administered. Systemic reactions occurred during the rush protocol in 36.8% of patients treated with allergoid and 20% of patients who received the standardized extract. Only patients treated with allergoid had systemic reactions during maintenance dose. The reactions observed with the standardized extract were more severe. Total doses of allergoid ranged from 2350 to 13,500 protein nitrogen units. Symptom and medication scores during the peak of the season were analyzed. Patients treated with the standardized allergen had a significant reduction of the number of days of symptoms during the month of June (9.5 ± 6.7 days
Immunochemical studies of Lolium perenne (rye grass) pollen allergens, Lol p I, II, and III; It was reported earlier that human immune responses to three perennial rye grass (Lolium perenne) pollen allergens, Lol p I, II, and III, are associated with histocompatibility leukocyte antigen (HLA)-DR3. Rye-allergic people are often concordantly sensitive to all three of these allergens. Since earlier studies suggested that these antigens are non-cross-reactive, their immunologic relatedness by double antibody radioimmunoassay (DARIA) was studied in order to understand further the immunochemical basis for the concordant recognition of the three allergens. Direct binding DARIA studies were performed with human sera from 189 allergic subjects. Inhibition DARIA studies were carried out with 17 human sera from grass-allergic patients who were on grass immunotherapy, one goat antiserum, and six rabbit antisera. None of the sera detected any significant degree of two-way cross-reactivity between Lol p I and II, or between Lol p I and III. However, the degree of two-way cross-reactivity between Lol p II and III exhibited by individual human and animal antisera varied between undetectable and 100%. In general, the degree of cross-reactivity between Lol p II and III was higher among human sera than among animal sera. Taken together with earlier findings that antibody responses to Lol p I, II and III are associated with HLA-DR3, and that most Lol p II and III responders are also Lol p I responders, but not vice versa, our present results suggest the following: the HLA-DR3-encoded Ia molecule recognizes a similar immunodominant Ia recognition site (agretope) shared between Lol p I and Lol p II and/or III
Efficacy of grass-maize pollen oral immunotherapy in patients with seasonal hay-fever: A double-blind study; Forty patients with a well-documented history of seasonal hay fever and a positive skin-prick test specific to grass pollen, including Bermuda grass and maize pollen (Zea maize), were allocated randomly on a double-blind basis to receive either an oral mixed grass-maize pollen extract or a matched placebo during the 1981/1982 grass pollen season. After 12 months the code was broken and patients on placebo were transferred to active therapy while patients on active therapy continued with maintenance therapy for another 12 months during the 1982/1983 grass pollen season. The assessment of the effect of the orally administered grass-maize pollen extract was on the clinical symptoms. During the first year the patients on active therapy had significantly fewer hay fever symptoms during the summer months compared with the placebo group. During the second study year, with all patients on active therapy, both groups had markedly milder symptoms compared with the placebo group. Side-effects were negligible. This study concludes that oral immunotherapy with grass-maize pollen extract in grass pollen-sensitive seasonal hay fever patients is safe and effective.
IgG subclass antibody markers in grass pollen immunotherapy.; Rye grass immunotherapy was clinically effective in seasonal allergic asthma and induced serologic changes different from those of natural exposure. These included the blunting of the seasonal rise in IgE antibody and much greater increases in blocking IgG antibodies. Blocking antibody responses to rye grass antigens were restricted to the IgG1 and IgG4 subclasses. Nonatopic individuals had similar preseasonal levels of IgG1 antibodies, but low or undetectable levels of IgG4 or IgE, compared to allergic subjects. Immunotherapy induced increases in both IgG1 and IgG4 antibodies, but IgG4 was dominant and the rise was much more dramatic. Rye grass extract contained at least eight IgE binding allergens and 11 IgG binding antigens, by far the most important of which was antigen I. IgE and IgG binding antigens generally showed concurrence in individuals, but heterogeneity between individuals for non-Rye 1 antigens. Finally, while IgG4 quantitatively dominated the blocking response, early clinical benefits might involve IgG1 antibodies, suggested by an observed inverse correlation between individual symptom medication scores individuals and IgG1 antibody levels.
An investigation of human immune response to perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne) pollen cytochrome c (Lol p X); Cytochrome c (Lol p X) was purified from the pollen of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne). It was used in a sensitive double-antibody radioimmunoassay to determine specific IgG and IgE antibody (Ab) levels in the sera of grass-allergic human subjects and the relationship between immune responsiveness and HLA type. A total of 139 subjects were studied, including 63 subjects treated by grass immunotherapy and 76 untreated subjects. The sera of only four subjects were found to contain anticytochrome c IgG Ab
Determination of specific IgG4 in allergy; Measurement of the titre of specific IgG4 by the ELISA method may provide objective assistance to the control of specific immunotherapy (IS) to hymenoptera venom and grass pollens. A marked increase of the specific IgG4 titre in the first 3 months of IS or a titre already raised before the start of IS correlated with poor clinical results. Specific IgG4 can not be considered to be a diagnostic indicator in food allergy since we have frequently found this type of antibody in control subjects. Specific IgG4 in food allergy expresses a mucosal marker rather than a pathological reaction.
Clinical evaluation of hyposensitization in allergic rhinitis: Comparison of the results obtained with three different extracts. Material from a 3-year study; Of all the allergic disorders, pollinosis has been shown to have the best response to immunotherapy. The results published in the literature describe good clinical effect in 75% to 85% of the subjects with hay fever. Although immunotherapy first employed aqueous extracts, extracts bound to aluminum hydroxide or tyrosine were subsequently introduced to improve the acceptability to the patients and decrease the number of injections. Furthermore extracts have been more and more purified and some authors utilize in grass pollinosis only timothy grass pollen extract. The purpose of the present study is to evaluate the different modes of extracts employed correlating the results with pollen counts and with the clinical outcome over several years of immunotherapy.
Allergy indices based on allergen dose-response curve in a randomly selected sample of schoolchildren; Skin-test sensitivity was computed in 61 schoolchildren drawn from a stratified random sample in order to generate two allergy indices based on a quantitative skin-test assay: Individual Allergy Index (IAI) and Population Allergy Index (PAI). The former to quantitate IgE-mediated skin test sensitivity of each subject, the latter to describe the degree of skin reactivity of our sample to a single allergen. Five allergen extracts were tested at 4-fold dilutions. Sensitivity endpoint data were used to generate IAI. Frequency distribution of IAI seemed to be bimodal as asymptomatic subjects gathered at the lower part while symptomatic children showed a peak in the middle. By means of criteria based on the relation between IAI and the prevalence of symptoms we were able to classify atopy in five classes from normal (all asymptomatic subjects) to severe atopy (all symptomatic subjects). Each positive reaction was plotted as a function of the allergen concentration eliciting the weal, and linear regression with confidence limits was calculated for grass and Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus only. PAI was represented by the slope, which depends on the reactivity of the sample, and the intercept, which involves the potency of the allergen as well. Grass and D. pteronyssinus showed the same slope while the intercepts differed. The slope increased if we considered symptomatic subjects only. We propose both these indices for clinical and epidemiological studies.
Oral hyposensitisation with enteric-coated allergens as extension therapy following a basic subcutaneous course of injections; We investigated in grass-pollen-sensitive adults the efficacy and safety of a therapeutic hyposensitisation regimen consisting of a basic pre-seasonal course of tyrosine-adsorbed glutaraldehyde-modified grass pollen extract (Pollinex), followed by oral extension treatment using encapsulated, particulate, enteric-coated grass pollen allergen. The daily recorded symptom scores both of these patients and of others treated with complete basic and extension courses of Pollinex indicated that both sets of patients had fared better during the grass pollen season than control patients who had received only the basic Pollinex injections.
A study of IgG blocking antibodies in patients affected with respiratory allergy.; The levels of blocking antibodies were studied in 200 patients affected with bronchial asthma and/or allergic extrinsic rhinitis with sensitization to grass pollen and dust mites shown by cutaneous and RAST tests. IgG blocking antibodies were studied using ELISA, in relation to: Immunotherapy treatment duration. The degree of clinical improvement obtained. The conditions, before and after immunotherapy treatment. The conditions, 12-24 months after having completed 3 years of immunotherapy. The results indicate that: A high level of blocking antibodies is reached in the group of patients between 4-7 months of immunotherapy treatment. These patients also reached the stage of the maintenance dosage. There exists a significant and specific response of blocking antibodies in patients treated with specific immunotherapy. There exists a close correlation between symptomatology and the level of blocking antibodies, although this correlation is not perfect. The hyposensitization preparations used did not succeed in maintaining permanently high levels of blocking antibodies once the treatment was completed. ELISA is a good alternative to other more frequently used techniques in measuring blocking antibodies, and it can be used in following patients during the course of immunotherapy.
A comparison of the immune response to immunotherapy with polymerized grass allergen and monomeric grass allergen; This study compares the immune response of ten patients treated with polymerized grass (PG) immunotherapy with that of 12 patients treated with conventional monomer grass (MG) immunotherapy. The patients treated with PG immunotherapy received a mean cumulative dose of 44,840 protein nitrogen units (PNU), and those treated with MG immunotherapy received a mean cumulative dose of 46,083 PNU. Total antibody binding of perennial rye grass groups I, II, and III (RGGI, RGGII, and RGGIII) was measured in the serum of each individual. In addition, IgG titers to partially purified extracts of Bermuda, timothy, and orchard grass were also determined. A significant increase in the total antibody binding of RGGI, as well as an increase in the mean IgG titer to Bermuda, timothy, and orchard grass was demonstrated after treatment in the patients who had received PG immunotherapy. The mean total anibody binding of RGII and RGIII also increased in these patients, although not significantly. No significant difference in the mean total antibody binding of RGGI, RGGII, or RGGIII nor in the mean IgG titer to the three grass extracts was found in the sera of the two groups of patients. This study demonstrates a comparable immune response between immunotherapy with PG and MG, and retention of antigenic determinants during the polymerization process.
Seasonal asthma in northern California: Allergic causes and efficacy of immunotherapy; Inland areas of northern California have an intense grass pollination in the spring of each year. This is accompanied by a striking rise in the incidence of asthma. We documented this relationship and designed a trial to test the efficacy orf immunotherapy for grass-pollen asthma. Aeroallergen counts were performed on the roof of the allergy clinic of David Grant Medical Center from January 1981 to December 1984 by a gravity collector. These counts were compared to counts done on a Rotorod at a nearby hospital from July 1982 to September 1984. Climatologic factors were also tabulated. Visits for asthma and rhinitis to our emergency room and asthma admissions to our hospital were counted for the 4-year period. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of immunotherapy with grass-pollen extract was performed from November 1984 to June 1985. Two groups of clinically and immunologically well-matched subjects were started on an accelerated preseasonal trial of immunotherapy. One group received a standardized grass extract, and the other group did not. Both groups received other extracts of aeroallergens to which they were skin test positive that occur locally in the spring and summer. This was done because of our dissatisfaction with a histamine placebo used in a previous pilot study. Symptom medication scores (SMS) and immunologic parameters were followed. For the 4-year period, grass-pollen count (GPC) correlated strongly with asthma emergency room visits (r = 0.90
A double-blind placebo-controlled trial of polymerized whole grass administered in an accelerated dosage schedule for immunotherapy of grass pollinosis; Forty-four patients were entered into a study of the efficacy and safety of individually polymerized grass (IPG) immunotherapy with an accelerated dosage schedule. Patients were paired on the basis of cutaneous end point titrations to timothy, orchard, and Bermuda grass-pollen extracts. In a double-blind manner, one patient in each pair was treated in nine weekly visits with 13 injections that totaled 24,000 PNU of each grass to which the patient had cutaneous reactivity. The other patient in each pair received caramelized glucose histamine placebo. Symptom and medication score sheets were completed by 33 patients each day of the grass season. Blocking antibody rose significantly in the IPG-treated group but was unchanged in the placebo-treated group. By Wilcoxon paired signed-rank test, the symptom medication scores in the IPG-treated group were significantly lower than those in the placebo-treated group. There were no systemic reactions and no clinically significant changes in routine laboratory tests in either group. In summation, this study demonstrates the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of IPG therapy in an accelerated dosage schedule for treatment of grass pollinosis.
A multicenter trial of immunotherapy with alginate-conjugated grass pollen extract; Conjuvac®, a new generation of allergen extracts, has been developed to meet the need for improved characterization, purification, and standardization. Conjuvac consists of a dialyzed, standardized aqueous allergen extract chemically conjugated to a sodium alginate carrier and lyophilized in single-dose vials, thus ensuring stability until reconstituted with sterile water just before each injection. A preliminary study of Conjuvac 2 Grass by Pegelow (1984) involving a small number of patients showed this extract to have potential advantages. Accordingly, a study involving more patients was undertaken: two different maintenance dose levels of Conjuvac 2 Grass were investigated and compared to a pyridine-extracted, alum-precipitated two-grass extract called Allpyral®, which in previous double-blind trials has been shown to be effective. The trial, which included 125 patients with hay fever and which extended over 2 years, involved ten allergists from seven European countries. Overall, the Conjuvac high-dose regimen proved slightly superior to Allpyral without any increased incidence of side effects, and all treatments stimulated marked increases in specific IgG levels without raising IgE levels.
Immunologic histamine release from isolated human basophils during specific immunotherapy; Anti-IgE- and antigen-induced histamine release from basophils isolated from 20 atopic patients with sensitive to grass pollen allergens was evaluated. The studies were made before and after short-term immunotherapy with Pollinex. It was shown, that after hyposensitization a significant decrease on anti-IgE and specific antigen-induced histamine release from basophils occurs.
Soluble copolymer of wasp venom with human albumin for venom immunotherapy; Polymerization of allergens decreases allergenicity while retaining immunogenicity, as we have demonstrated for ragweed, grass, and tree pollens. We have also polymerized bee venom with human albumin to form soluble, high-molecular-weight copolymers that are immunogenic in rabbits. We now have prepared a soluble wasp venom-albumin polymer (WVAP), molecular weight ≥240,000 daltons, by glutaraldehyde treatment and Sephacryl S-300 column fractionation. Rabbits immunized with WVAP produced IgG to both WVAP and wasp venom (WV), as measured by ELISA. IgG against WVAP was totally inhibitable by a mixture of WV and albumin, demonstrating both retention of native antigens and absence of new antigenic determinants in WVAP. IgG against WV in serum from patients receiving maintenance doses of WV immunotherapy was inhibited by WVAP. In summary, we have synthesized a soluble, high-molecular-weight copolymer of WV that retains the immunogenicity of native WV, contains no new antigenic determinants, and has potential value in the treatment of patients with WV anaphylaxis.
Assessment of IgE-mediated sensitivity during immunotherapy: Comparison of the RAST with and without adsorption of IgG to titrated prick skin tests; The effect of specific IgG induced by allergy immunotherapy on specific IgE binding in the RAST was assessed by removal of the IgG with staphylococcus protein A bound to Sepharose. In sera from those patients with the highest titers of specific IgG, RAST binding was increased 8% following adsorption of the postimmunotherapy sera while in sera obtained from the same patients before immunotherapy adsorption increased binding only 3%. The effect of allergy immunotherapy on the titrated prick skin test was compared to the effect on the RAST to the same allergen. In nine patients who received the highest dose of grass extract, the area of the titrated skin tests was reduced following immunotherapy by 75%. Staphylococcus protein-A adsorption of sera from these patients drawn before immunotherapy resulted in an increase in RAST binding of 2.7% compared to an increase of 6% in sera obtained after immunotherapy, suggesting suppression of RAST binding of only 3% by specific IgG. It is concluded that RAST levels are affected less than prick skin tests by the immunologic response to allergy immunotherapy. Some interference in RAST binding is produced by specific IgG antibody in high titers, but for many critical purposes the degree of interference is not significant.
Cross allergenicity among grasses determined by tissue threshold changes; Twenty-seven volunteers with grass-pollen allergy who had not received prior immunotherapy had titrated prick tests with fivefold dilutions of 10 grasses (timothy, Bermuda, smooth brome, grama, salt, quack, western wheat, Johnson, June, and Bahia) to a final dilution of 1:3,906,250 w/v. Ten subjects served as untreated control subjects. Seventeen subjects received immunotherapy with an extract containing equal parts of timothy and Bermuda. Twelve months later subjects had repeat titrated skin testing with reconstituted aliquots of the same lyophilized extract, at the same time of day, and at the same location on the back as in the initial testing period. Nine treated subjects and eight control subjects completed the study protocol. The skin test areas with all 10 grass extracts were significantly decreased in the treated group compared to the control group (p < 0.01), and there was no difference in the extent of the reduction among the 10 grasses by analysis of variance. We conclude that immunotherapy to timothy and Bermuda alone is capable of reducing to a similar degree the clinical sensitivity to all 10 grasses studied. The results of this study suggest that treatment with timothy and Bermuda alone may be sufficient in most grass-sensitive individuals.
Clinical and biological evaluation of semi-rush and ordinary immunotherapy schemes in type I allergic respiratory diseases; Forty-three patients with type I allergic respiratory diseases received aqueous grass pollen immunotherapy in a prospective study designed to compare the clinical and biological effects of a semi-rush hyposensitization (20 patients) with ordinary hyposensitization (23 patients). Before the start of the therapy (end of previous grass pollen season, t1) and before (t2) and after the next grass pollen season (t3), total serum IgE (tIgE), grass pollen-specific IgE (GPsIgE), grass pollen-specific IgG (GPsIgG) and complement factors C3 and C4 were determined. GPsIgE and GPsIgG levels increased significantly more during immunotherapy in patients receiving the semi-rush scheme as compared with the ordinary scheme. There were no significant changes between the two schemes at any times for tIgE, C3 and C4. GPsIgG was already higher in allergic patients before the start of therapy as compared with non-allergic patients and controls. Clinical improvement was the same in patients treated with the semi-rush scheme as in the ordinary group. The number of side effects was not statistically different between the two groups. In neither group was there a correlation between the change in biological parameters and change in clinical symptoms. As the semi-rush scheme gives the same results immunologically as well as clinically, it could be used in a number of patients since it reduces the time course of the initial therapy by about 2 months.
Induction of antigen-specific suppressor cells in patients with hay fever receiving immunotherapy; In order to evaluate the effect of immunotherapy on subpopulations of lymphocytes, peripheral blood mononuclear cells were fractionated into T and non-T cells by incubating in anti-immunoglobulin-coated plates. T cells were further fractionated into rye grass antigen-adherent and nonadherent fractions and human serum albumin (HSA)-adherent and nonadherent fractions by incubating in rye grass antigen-coated and HSA-coated plates, respectively. The mean rye antigen-stimulated proliferative response of rye antigen-adherent fraction was significantly lower than that of rye antigen-nonadherent fraction in patients with rye grass hay fever receiving immunotherapy. There was no difference in the rye antigen-stimulated proliferative response between the HSA-adherent and nonadherent fractions. Both the rye antigen-adherent and nonadherent fractions proliferated similarly when they were stimulated by an unrelated antigen, Candida albicans. The rye antigen-stimulated proliferative response of rye antigen-nonadherent cells could be suppressed by coculturing with rye antigen-adherent cells from patients receiving immunotherapy. Furthermore, the treatment of cocultures with monoclonal antibody against suppressor-cytotoxicity T cell (OKT8) subpopulation and guinea pig serum complement reversed the suppression. In patients receiving no immunotherapy, there was no difference in the rye grass antigen-stimulated proliferative response between the rye antigen-adherent and nonadherent fractions. These results suggest that immunotherapy induces a subpopulation of T cells that are adherent to antigen-coated plates and are capable of suppressing T cell proliferation stimulated by the specific antigen.
Comparison between rush immunotherapy with a standardized allergen and an alum adjuved pyridine extracted material in grass pollen allergy; Rush immunotherapy with a standardized and lyophilized cocksfoot pollen extract was performed in twenty-three allergic subjects and compared with classical immunotherapy done with an alum adjuved, pyridine extracted cocksfoot pollen extract (fifteen subjects) and a control group of ten patients. The three groups were perfectly matched. Clinical benefits were analysed by means of symptom scores. It was shown that rush immunotherapy gave significantly better results when asthma or rhinitis was considered than either classical immunotherapy (P < 0.02) or in the control group (P < 0.01 and 0.02). Skin tests were significantly reduced after rush immunotherapy and did not change in the two other groups. After the pollen season the skin test reactivity was increased in the rush immunotherapy group. Cocksfoot pollen specific IgE did not vary significantly in the three groups. Cocksfoot pollen specific IgG was significantly (P < 0.05) increased in the rush immunotherapy group before the pollen season and did not vary significantly in the other groups.
A comparison of the clinical and immunological effects of an alum-precipitated five-grass extract with a conjugated two-grass extract in the desensitization of hay fever; Thirty-nine patients with pollen hay fever were randomly allocated to receive either an alum-precipitated five-grass extract (Allpyral®) or a two-grass conjugated extract (Conjuvac®) prior to the 1982 pollen season. Efficacy was assessed by means of symptom scores, drug usage and specific IgE and IgG antibody response. Both nasal and eye symptom scores were significantly higher during the pollen season in those patients receiving Allpyral. Specific IgE and IgG measured after the pollen season showed similar rises in each group. Seven patients showed a marked elevation in specific IgE and nine a marked elevation in specific IgG, but no patient showed both. Those with a high specific IgE level tended to be younger. Symptom scores bore no relation to either specific IgE or IgG antibodies. Side-effects were mainly local and were equal in both groups.
Further evaluation of local intranasal immunotherapy with aqueous and allergoid grass extracts; In a double-blind study, 45 grass-allergic patients received local nasal immunotherapy (LNIT) with either aqueous mixed-grass extract, formaldehyde-treated, mixed-grass extract (allergoid), or histamine placebo. Twenty-four patients received LNIT for a second successive year, and 21 patients received LNIT for the first year. The aqueous extract-treated patients had significantly lower symptom-medication scores than either allergoid- or placebo-treated subjects. There was no difference in symptom-medication scores in patients receiving allergoid and placebo treatment or in patients receiving 1 and 2 yr of LNIT. The aqueous extract stimulated a rise in serum grass-specific IgE. There was no serum or local antibody response after allergoid-extract treatment. Postseasonal rises in serum-IgE titers were observed in all three groups. These data suggest that LNIT with aqueous mixed-grass extract significantly reduces the symptoms of allergic rhinitis. The allergoid grass extract was ineffective in the second year of treatment. No cumulative effect of LNIT could be demonstrated in successive years of therapy.
Biphasic systemic anaphylactic reaction: Three illustrative cases; We report on 3 patients with early mild systemic reactions triggered by administration of rabies vaccine, immunotherapy with rye grass extract, or yellow jacket sting. After appropriate treatment, these early cutaneous and respiratory symptoms improved considerably, but then flared up 3 1/2 -4 hours later. All 3 patients had specific IgE antibodies against their offending allergen.
Grass pollen allergoid. A 4-year follow-up study; In an open comparative study with 31 grass pollen-allergic patients, two allergen extracts ('allergoid' extract/semi-depot extract) were examined. In the 1st year of treatment the allergoid group showed better results in relation to symptom score, drug consumption and IgG response, however, in the course of further treatment this difference was not evident anymore. Treatment was successful in both groups. A significant correlation between total antigen dose and IgG response was found. The better clinical results for the allergoid group in the first season after the 1st and 4th year of observation do indicate a better long-term therapeutic effect compared to the semi-depot group. This finding probably is due to the much higher antigen dose (4-fold) in the allergoid group.
Rationale for specific immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy with extracts of rye pollen. Skin test reactivity and immunochemical relationship between pollen allergens from rye and other common grasses; In immunotherapy of grass pollen allergy, an extract of rye (Secale cerebale) is often included. The aim of this study was to investigate by skin prick test (SPT) and immunochemical methods whether rye pollen contains specific allergens justifying the use of this extract separately. Twenty grass pollen allergic patients were skin prick tested with a dialysed freeze-dried raw extract of rye pollen (Sc), timothy extract (Soluprick® SQ, 1 HEP) and two other rye extracts (Soluprick®). Sera from the patients were RAST-tested using Sc and timothy (Pp). CRIE was performed using Sc and rabbit-anti grass (aNG) antibodies. The antigenic relations between rye and common grasses were investigated by CLIE using Sc and aNG as references, and by RAST inhibition. The ability of aNG to absorb the allergen activity of Sc was also tested. Significant correlations were found between timothy and rye when compared by means of SPT and RAST. The immunochemical analyses did not reveal any rye antigens containing rye epitopes only. However, the possibility of rye antigens with several epitopes, of which at least one is specific for rye, could not be excluded. Clinical symptoms supposedly elicited by rye alone can be explained quantitatively by the strongly time-limited and concentrated natural exposition. Diagnosis and treatment can, however, be performed with extracts of common grasses.
Diagnosis and treatment of pollinosis by means of a standardised purified phleum extract; 28 patients were treated, who suffered from pollenosis to grasses pollens. Before starting any treatment, patients were checked and tested with purified and standardized timothy pollen (Pharmalgen). This initial work-up included: total serum IgE, total serum IgG4, RAST to timothy pollen and skin tests with timothy pollen (used: NSA dilutions). 28 patients were treated with Pharmalgen timothy pollen at appropriate dilutions. The initial work-up demonstrated a good correlation between skin-tests and specific serum IgE. This correlation has been obtained since we used an identical extract and, furthermore, a standardized and purified extract. The study was open, and we have been using either a conventional immunotherapy schedule, or rush immunotherapy. We observed much better clinical results with rush immunotherapy
Immunotherapy with alginate-conjugated and alum-precipitated grass pollen extracts in patients with allergic rhinoconjunctivitis; In order to compare the safety and the efficacy of two grass pollen extracts made from the same starting material, i.e. equal proportions of cocksfoot and timothy, a 3-year study was made on patients with hay fever. One product was a dialysed aqueous extract of pollens which was chemically conjugated to activated sodium alginate (Conjuvac). The other was a pyridine-extracted alum-precipitated crude extract (Allpyral). Forty patients with classical hay fever were admitted to the study. All gave positive result to prick and nasal/conjunctival testing with extracts of both cocksfoot and timothy grass. Thirty-five patients completed all 3 years of the study. Seventeen/18 Allpyral-treated and 17/17 Conjuvac-treated patients were subjectively improved. There was no significant difference in symptom scores between the two groups. Challenge tests showed a tendency to reduced sensitivity to allergen in the Conjuvac-treated but not in the Allpyral-treated group. The median values for specific IgG and IgE showed the same pattern of reaction as seen in earlier studies of pollen hyposensitization. There was, however, a greater increase of grass-specific IgG in the Conjuvac-treated patients. No serious adverse effects were seen in any of the treatment groups, but there were slightly fewer side effects in the Conjuvac group.
Lymphocyte transformation by grass pollen allergens. A study of atopic patients receiving immunotherapy; Peripheral blood lymphocyte (PBL) transformation by allergens, PPD antigen and PHA mitogen, was followed in 20 allergic patients with grass pollen rhinitis, during and after a preseasonal immunotherapy. ten patients were treated with Allpyral(®) and 10 with Conjuvac(®) two-grass mixture. Lymphocyte proliferative responses to grass antigens decreased during therapy for most of the patients. Higher values than before treatment were seen in August. Three patients had increased values during the preseasonal treatment. One stopped treatment because of discomfort, the other 2 developed urticaria during the ensuing winter seasons. No effect of immunotherapy was seen on the PPD or PHA response of cells. Cellular changes in relation to changes in specific IgE and IgG antibodies are discussed.
A three-layer immunoradiometric assay for determination of IgG subclass antibodies in human sera ('IgG subclass RAST'). Validation of the subclass specificity, and establishment of equipotency; We report the development of a three-layer immunoradiometric assay (TIRA) for measurement of IgG antibodies of all four subclasses in human sera. The first layer consists of diluted human serum, the second layer is monoclonal mouse antibodies to human IgG subclasses, and the third layer is 125I-labelled rabbit anti-mouse IgG. Monoclonal anti-IgG1, anti-IgG3 and anti-IgG4 reacted only with their complementary IgG subclass, whereas the anti-IgG2 showed slight cross-reactivity to immunoglobulins of other subclasses and classes and to light chain proteins. The observed cross-reactivity was found to be without importance, when the TIRA was applied to measurement of IgG subclass antibodies. Equipotency was established by use of appropriate dilutions of the monoclonal antibodies, and the assay was calibrated by use of human reference serum. The TIRA therefore permits reliable inter-individual and intra-individual comparisons of the IgG antibody response in all four subclasses. Non-specific binding obtained with pooled normal human serum was below 0.33%. Inter-assay coefficient of variation was between 18 and 27%. the TIRA was applied to measurement of IgG subclass antibodies to timothy grass pollen in sera from grass pollen allergics undergoing immunotherapy.
A double-blind histamine placebo-controlled trial of polymerized whole grass for immunotherapy of grass allergy; Twenty-six patients were recruited for a study of the safety and efficacy of immunotherapy with IPG. They were randomly assigned to two groups based on skin test titrations to grass allergens. One group was treated in a double-blind fashion before the 1982 grass season with 12 weekly injections totaling approximately 48,000 PNU, and the other group was treated with 12 weekly injections of caramelized glucose histamine placebo. Daily symptom and medication score sheets were completed by all patients each day of the grass season. Blocking antibody rose ninefold in the IPG group (p < 0.007) but was unchanged in the placebo group. There was no significant change in IgE against rye grass group I in either the IPG or the placebo group. Symptom-score mean in the IPG group was 217 ± 71 (S.E.M.), statistically lower (p < 0.02) than the mean in the placebo group 496 ± 117 (S.E.M.). There were no systemic reactions and only minor local reactions. There was no change in routine laboratory tests in either group. Although two prior studies with grass allergen immunotherapy reported efficacy, these studies did not use symptom-score analysis. This is the first double-blind, histamine placebo-controlled study of grass immunotherapy that demonstrates efficacy by symptom-score index evaluation. IPG is a safe, clinically effective, and potentially cost-effective therapy for grass pollinosis.
Grass pollen hyposensitization versus placebo therapy; The results of a double-blind clinical trial are presented, comparing the effects of hyposensitization treatment versus placebo, on 33 patients with allergic rhinitis, sensitive to a crude extract of the pollen of four different grasses (Dactylis glomerata, Lolium perenne, Secale cereale, phleum pratense). Particular attention is given to the methodological and statistical problems raised during this study.
Serum concentrations of allergen-specific IgG antibodies in inhalant allergy: Effect of specific immunotherapy; The occurrence of antibodies belonging to IgG class of immunoglobulins with specificity for short ragweed and Bermuda grass in the sera of nonatopic subjects and patients with inhalant allergy (at the time of initial diagnosis, following specific immunotherapy) was investigated with an enzyme immunoassay. The intra-assay and inter-assay coefficients of variation for this assay ranged from 1.74%-4.62% and 3.18%-9.12%, respectively. IgG antibodies were found in the sera of the majority of nonatopic and all of atopic subjects. The differences in the concentration of these antibodies between these three groups were statistically significant (P < 0.001). Specific immunotherapy resulted in a rise in the serum levels of allergen-specific IgG antibodies and, following an initial period of modest increase, a decrease in the level of allergen-specific IgE antibodies. Specific IgG response correlated with both the cumulative antigen dose and the clinical benefit that accrued from specific immunotherapy (P < 0.001). The increase in the serum concentration of specific IgG was most pronounced in patients with high RAST scores at the time of initial diagnosis (P < 0.001). The concentrations of short-ragweed specific IgG antibodies assayed with multiple samples in three patients with ragweed hay fever appeared not to be affected by the short-ragweed season to any significant degree. We conclude that direct enzyme immunoassay for allergen-specific IgE and IgG antibodies are useful in vitro monitors of immunologic responses to specific immunotherapy for inhalant allergy.
Allergen-controlled study of intranasal immunotherapy for ragweed hay fever; Previous studies of intranasal immunotherapy have not included control groups treated with an irrelevant allergen. In the present double-blind study, we tested the effectiveness of intranasal immunotherapy in 20 patients sensitive to both short ragweed (SRW) and orchard grass (OG). Patients sprayed increasing concentrations of either SRW (n = 11) or OG (n = 9) extract intranasally six times per day for 8 wk before the SRW pollination season. The effects of this treatment were determined by analysis of symptom score diaries and clinical examinations during the SRW pollination season. SRW-treated patients received cumulative AgE doses from 3 to 59 μg (mean 21)
An automated particle counting immunoassay (PACIA) for determination of blocking antibodies against Timothy grass pollen in sera from desensitized allergics; An automated particle counting immunoassay (PACIA) for measurement of blocking antibodies (antigen neutralizing capacity) against timothy grass pollen extract in sera from desensitized allergics is described. Latex particles coated with F(ab')2-anti-timothy are agglutinated by timothy. Serum containing anti-timothy antibodies inhibits the agglutination. Non-agglutinated particles were counted in a modified AutoCounter. Nineteen of 20 sera from timothy allergics who had undergone immunotherapy with purified timothy extract for 30 weeks, showed significant agglutination-inhibition. None of 42 normal sera gave significant inhibition. The inhibiting antibody could be removed by absorption with protein A and was thus of non-IgE nature, i.e. blocking antibody. The results obtained correlated statistically significantly with those found with a double-antibody method (r(S) = 0.62, n = 20, t = 3.35, P < 0.01) and with the cumulated dosage of timothy allergen extract administered to the individual patient (r(S) = 0.56, n = 20, t = 2.87, P < 0.02). Between-assay coefficient of variation was from 6.4% to 18.3%. The capacity is 40 samples per hour. The method has also been applied to measurement of blocking antibodies to honey bee and wasp venom.
Local intranasal immunotherapy for grass-allergic rhinitis; In a double-blind controlled study, local intranasal immunotherapy was evaluated for the treatment of grass pollenosis. On the basis of serum grass-specific IgE levels, 50 grass-allergic patients were randomly divided into three groups and treated with either an aqueous solution of mixed-grass extract, a formaldehyde-modified mixed-grass extract (allergoid), or a histamine solution (placebo). Intranasal solutions were administered in gradually increasing doses over a preseasonal 10 wk period, Adverse local reactions from the aqueous grass extract were frequent during treatment. Few adverse reactions occurred from the allergoid or histamine solutions. During the pollen season, patients receiving both grass extracts had much lower symptom/medication scores than patients receiving placebo. The severity of eye symptoms was the same in all groups. After treatment, serum grass-specific IgE rose in patients receiving aqueous and allergoid extract
Successful hyposensitization treatment in atopic eczema: Results of a trial in monozygotic twins; Two sisters (monozygotic twins) suffering from severe atopic aczema with pronounced seasonal exacerbation during spring and early summer were treated with subcutaneous injections of either grass pollen extract or saline. After 2 years of preseasonal treatment the skin symptoms improved significantly in the patient treated with grass pollen extract, while the placebo produced minimal change in her twin. The therapeutic effect was paralleled by a greater decrease in total serum IgE (from 4,200 to 1,370 ku/l) in the pollen-treated patient (compared with 3,500 to 2,580 ku/l in the control twin.
Immunotherapy with grass pollen major allergens. Immunological results from a prospective 3-year double blind study; Preseasonal hyposensitization stimulated an intercorrelated increase in both serum-specific IgE and allergen-specific IgG. Subsequent perennial treatment depressed the stimulated IgE response and the basophil cell sensitivity, whereas the allergen- specific IgG response showed further increase and persisted at a high level. Nasal IgE response was stimulated from the second pollen season and subsequently became depressed. One year after the end of hyposensitization the allergen-specific IgG response had fallen by 25-50%.
In vitro evaluation of blocking antibodies by RAST interference during pollen desensitization: Role of the IgG fraction; RAST interference was used to study the changes in blocking antibodies during hyposensitization. At the onset of desensitization blocking antibodies levels were correlated to IgE antibody titers. They progressively rose during the treatment. IgG isolated by adsorption onto protein A Sepharose were only a part of blocking antibodies. The isolated antibodies gave 80% of RAST interference values. Results showed that RAST interference may be used routinely to determine changes of immunological parameters of immunotherapy.
Side effects during immunotherapy with purified grass pollen extracts; In a 3-year prospective double blind study, grass pollen allergic patients were allocated to perennial hyposensitization with the timothy major allergens Nos. 19 and 25 (2-component extract) or a 20-component timothy extract. The extracts were biologically standardized and adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide for treatment. Systemic side effects (SSE) had debut after 1 1/2 -5 h and lasted without treatment 1/2 -10 h. Treatment with the 2-component extract showed preponderance of minor SSE (arthralgia, rhinitis, tiredness, headache, conjunctivitis, nausea, flu-like symptoms), but major SSE (urticaria, angioedema, asthma) were equally distributed between treatment with the two timothy extracts. Major SSE complicated the treatment before the first grass pollen season in 33% of the patients vs. only in 3% during the subsequent perennial therapy, and developed (92%) at high single doses of ≥ 1,000 biological units. The majority (69%) were later able to reach the same or higher dose without relapse. Most (62%) patients with major SSE were predicted by high nasal sensitivity before treatment. Only 18% of the patients had immediate local skin reactions of ≥ 2 cm, but delayed local side effects of ≥ 10 cm were recorded in 70%. Immediate skin reactions did not correlate with delayed skin reactions or with SSE, but delayed local side effects tended towards negative correlation with major SSE. A mean area reduction of 50% of the delayed skin reactions was recorded by repetition of a single dose. Subcutaneous nodules appeared at single doses of ≥ 5,000 biological units. Only 5% of the patients contracted nodules during initial preseasonal therapy compared with 38% during subsequent perennial dosage. The nodules contained typical benign granulomas, and the frequency in the two groups was proportionate to the quantity of aluminium in the two extracts.
The immune response in humans and rabbits to monomeric and polymeric grass allergens; The antigenicity of polymerized grass (PG) and monomer grass (MG) was studied. As compared with MG, PG produces a similar immunologic response in rabbits as demonstrated by a tanned red blood cell (TRBC) passive hemagglutination assay or by total serum binding of perennial rye grass Group I antigens (RGGI). Six patients with allergic rhinitis sensitive to several grass pollens received an average of 60,000 protein nitrogen units (PNU) of PG. The initial dose was 100 PNU and a maintenance dosage of 8500 PNU was obtained after six injections without systemic reactions in any of the patients. Serum binding of RGGI increased significantly in the PG-treated patients and this increase was quantitatively similar to that measured in a second group of six atopic patients previously treated for 1 year with a total of 100,000 PNU of a standard grass extract mixture. PG, like polymerized ragweed (PRW), has a reduced allerginicity while retaining immunogenicity. These data suggest that PG as compared to standard aqueous grass extract mixtures represents an improved form of immunotherapy for the atopic patient.
Clinical efficacy and changes in specific immunoglobulins after desensitization to grass pollens over two pollen seasons; A double-blind trial over a first season of a population of 19 pollen patients never previously treated by desensitization revealed a clinical improvement in patients treated with grass pollen extracts as compared with those treated with a placebo. This improvement was confirmed by a significant difference (at the usual risk of significance of 5%). Measurement of IgG and IgE levels in each of the groups was analysed and showed significant variations for IgG. The study was continued the following year in 13 patients who all received immunotherapy. Clinical results were positive at 77% and there was an increase in IgG levels, particularly marked in the patients treated two years in succession.
Immunotherapy with grass pollen major allergens. Clinical results from a prospective 3-year double blind study; Perennial hyposensitization with a partially purified timothy extract resulted in a statistically significantly higher degree of clinical protection than treatment with the two timothy major allergens (Nos. 19 and 25) and protected better from the second - than during the first grass pollen season. The extracts were standardized biologically and adsorbed to aluminium hydroxide for administration. The therapy had a more beneficial influence on sneezing than on rhinorrhoea and blockage of nasal airways, and an excellent effect on grass pollen asthma was obtained with the partially purified timothy extract. Associated birch pollen allergy was not influenced by hyposensitization with grass pollen.
Nasal and skin sensitivity during immunotherapy with two major allergens 19, 25 and partially purified extract of timothy grass pollen; In a double-blind 3-year prospective study 40 grass pollen allergic patients were allocated to specific immunotherapy (hyposensitization) with two timothy major allergens, 19, 25, or partially purified timothy extract. The extracts were biologically standardized and coupled to aluminium hydroxide for treatment. Efficacy of hyposensitization was evaluated by titrated nasal provocations and skin prick tests with the two treatment extracts and a five-grass mixture. The threshold dose for skin prick test (skin thresholds) produced reactions identical to histamine chloride 5.43 mmol/l, and the threshold dose for nasal provocations (nasal thresholds) produced two of the three reactions: at least 0.5 ml of nasal secretion, at least five sneezes, and/or at least a 20% fall in nasal peak flow. Nasal thresholds showed highest efficacy from partially purified timothy extract but equal protection against timothy and the five-grass mixture. Nasal thresholds of 14 untreated patients corresponded to treatment with the two major allergens. Changes in skin and nasal thresholds after 132 and after 64 weeks of treatment predicted the severity of hay fever. Increase in nasal thresholds coincided with a marked effect on asthma. Nasal thresholds below 1 HEP before treatment predicted major systemic side effects.
Clinical studies of a purified Timothy pollen extract: Desensitization therapy with a purified Timothy pollen preparation compared to a crude Timothy pollen extract. II. Results of the tests in vitro and their relation to symptoms and tests in vivo; Perennial desensitization therapy was given during a period of 3.5 years to 40 children allergic to grass pollen allergens. 20 patients were treated with a crude and another 20 with a purified timothy pollen extract. 8 children served as untreated controls. The concentration of total and specific IgE in the treated groups covaried with those in the control group. Neither a suppression of the seasonal booster effect nor a suppression of IgE synthesis attributable to the treatment was found. The rise of timothy-specific 'blocking' IgG antibodies was more pronounced in the group treated with the purified extract than in the group treated with the crude extract. A significant difference was found only after 3.5 years of treatment. The amplitude of rise of IgG antibodies correlated significantly with the effect of the treatment as judged by repeated conjunctival titration test. The results suggest that a good IgG response is an indication of successful therapy and that a better IgG response may be achieved with purified allergen extracts.
Immunotherapy of atopic disorders. Present state of the art and future perspectives; Clinical studies of the overall efficacy of immunotherapy in the amelioration of allergic disorders are reviewed. Immunologic alterations associated with immunotherapy are discussed. A working guide to the utilization of immunotherapy for the practicing clinician is offered. And recent advances and future perspectives toward increasing the effectiveness of immunotherapy are presented.
Further studies on the safety of polymerized antigens for immunotherapy; Six patients receiving immunotherapy with standard aqueous extracts for the treatment of atopic disease were selected from the patient population of Northwestern University Allergy Clinics for continued immunotherapy with polymerized antigens. These six patients could not tolerate quantities of conventional aqueous extracts considered maintenance doses because of immediate-type local or systemic allergic reactions or both to immunotherapy. These six patients were treated with separate preparations of polymerized ragweed (PRW) and polymerized grass (PG), and each of the six patients was rapidly advanced to previously unobtainable maintenance doses of PRW and PG without local or systemic reactions. Treatment with other aeroallergen standard extracts was continued to maintenance dosage without further systemic reactions. In patients highly sensitive to ragweed and grass aqueous extracts, the substitution of these extracts with PRW and PG allows these patients to receive therapeutic immunotherapy injections with decreased risk of immediate-type local and systemic reactions.
Studies on the search for a promising immunopotentiative substance for the treatment of leprosy. I. Analytical studies on bamboo grass; Since plant-source polysaccharides were presumed to be immunopotentiative substances and suitable for the treatment of leprosy by their mild effect on the host, in the first stage, analytical studies on the components of bamboo grass were performed. Some extraction methods of bamboo grass were examined and compared. The results were as follows: the monosaccharide components of acidic polysaccharides were equal to those found by Uchiyama et al. using DEAE-cellulose column
Long-term immunotherapy with aqueous and aluminum-precipitated grass extracts; The incidence of reactions and changes in specific IgE and IgG were measured during three to four years of immunotherapy with aluminum-precipitated and glycerosaline grass extracts. Therapy with the aluminum-precipitated extract resulted in far fewer local and systemic reactions and higher mean extract doses were obtained with this preparation. The decline in specific IgE was similar in both treatment groups. However, the higher individual and total doses in the group receiving the aluminum-precipitated extract were accompanied by significantly higher levels of specific IgG (blocking) antibody.
Reduced allergen immunotherapy of grass pollinosis; An excellent model for investigating the maximization of specific immunotherapy is grass pollen allergy. Treatment is more effective when the number of component antigens used are reduced. We know that rye and cocksfoot pollen carry major antigens of grass pollen. A controlled clinical study was carried out with 128 patients divided into 5 groups as follows: Group 1 - treatment with a mixture of 7 grass pollen extracts (Allpyral). Group 2 - treatment with a cocksfoot pollen extract (Allpyral). Group 3 - treatment with a rye pollen extract (Allpyral). Group 4 - treatment with a mixture containing 50% rye pollen and 50% cocksfoot (Allpyral). In brief, groups 1 to 4 show better results than group 5. Group 2 -cocksfoot, group 3-rye and group 4-cocksfoot-rye showed significantly better results than group 1-7 grass pollen extract. When severe symptoms were present the group 4, rye-cocksfoot treatment was significantly better than the others. This example illustrates the fact that specific allergen use improves the success of immunotherapy. In grass pollen allergy treatment cocksfoot and rye are of particular importance.
How and when is immunotherapy for pollen allergy carried out?; Hyposensitization with semi-depot extracts was effective in 164 of 201 (81,4%) grass pollen sensitive patients. In 54,1% the results were very good and good. Patients were treated perennially for two years. The success of treatment was evaluated by a questionnaire. The results show that treatment will be most effective if the disease has been of relative short duration, if patients are young, if the final dosage is high and a high total dosage is reached, and if side effects only occur as local reactions. The frequency of symptoms and their improvement are described.
Use of glutaraldehyde-modified timothy grass pollen extract in nasal hyposensitisation treatment of hay fever; 12 patients suffering from grass pollen hay fever were treated for 14 weeks pre- and co-seasonally by intranasal self-administration of an aqueous solution of a glutaraldehyde-treated timothy grass pollen allergen. These patients had a statistically significant decrease in nasal symptom scores during the grass pollen peak period and in nasal challenge end-point titre after the season compared to placebo-treated patients. No significant effect was seen on the eye symptoms. 1 patient withdrew from the trial as a consequence of too strong local nasal reactions during treatment. Most other patients treated with active material reported mild local reactions during the first minutes after administration of the nasal spray. In the actively treated group a significant increase in serum and nasal secretion of grass pollen specific IgE, IgG and IgA antibodies was obtained during the treatment. In contrast, in the placebo group a significant increase in IgE antibody levels in serum and secretion occurred during the pollen season. The reduction in symptoms and increase in antibody production together with the simplicity of the procedure makes this approach to immunotherapy attractive.
Studies on T-lymphocyte populations in IgE-mediated disorders. II. IgE, E rosettes and E active rosettes before and after immunotherapy; Serum IgE levels and total and percentual number of E rosettes- and of E active rosette-forming cells were determined in 17 grass pollen sensitive subjects before and after a preseasonal cycle of immunotherapy with Allpyral. Mean values of total and of percentual number of E active rosette forming cells were significantly increased after treatment (p<0.01)
The clinical and immunologic specificity of immunotherapy; In order to study the specificity of immunotherapy for respiratory allergy, a group of patients sensitive to both ragweed and grass pollens were selected. From 87 volunteers with a history of both spring and fall hay fever, 42 patients with evidence of strong sensitivity by basophil histamine release to both ragweed pollen and mixed grass pollen extracts were selected for study. On the basis of the histamine release data, the patients were divided into two groups matched for sensitivity to both grass and ragweed pollens. In 1970, May and June symptom diaries showed the two groups to suffer quite similar severity of symptoms during the grass pollination season. One group of patients was started on a preseasonal course of immunotherapy with alum-precipitated aqueous extract of ragweed pollen while the other group received placebos containing histamine. By fall there had been a considerable rise in IgG-blocking antibodies to ragweed in the treated group. Symptom diaries in August and September showed that the treated group showed significantly less severe symptoms than the placebo group. Both groups received booster injections at 2-wk intervals from the fall of 1970 to the fall of 1971. Doses in the treated group were raised to attempt to administer the largest possible dose. Again there was no difference in the symptoms reported by the two groups during the grass pollination season, but an even greater difference emerged between the two groups during the ragweed season. The following year (1972) the same results were obtained. These data demonstrate that treatment with ragweed pollen extracts has little or no effect on grass pollen symptoms and confirm that immunotherapy is clinically as well as immunologically specific. Antibody responses to the second year of high-dosage booster injections was not greater than responses to a comparatively short preseasonal course given the first year.
Basophil histamine release in patients with hay fever. Results compared with specific IgE and total IgE during immunotherapy; Histamine release from leucocytes was demonstrated in grass pollen hay fever patients on in vitro challenge with extract of Pleum pratense (timothy). No release was found in persons without a history of grass pollen allergy. During preseasonal hypersensitization the following tendencies were found in cell sensitivity to allergen as well as in specific IgE antibody level of serum: an initial increase at the beginning of the therapy followed by a decrease during the pollen season. This is in contrast to untreated hay fever sufferers in whom an increase or no change at all of cell sensitivity and specific IgE was observed in the pollen season. Immunotherapy, therefore, can prevent such an increase in the pollen season. The mechanism might be due to a depression of the IgE production. In untreated as well as in treated patients the cell sensitivity was found to be significantly correlated to the grass specific IgE determined by RAST but not to the total serum level of IgE estimated by RIST. It seems likely that the cell sensitivity would be useful for evaluating the degree of allergy in grass pollen hay fever patients treated or not treated with immunotherapy.
IgE, IgG and IgA antibodies in serum and nasal secretion during parenteral hyposensitization; Eighteen adult patients with allergic rhinitis due to Timothy pollen were observed for 36 weeks before, during and after the grass pollen season. Eight patients were treated by parenteral hyposensitization with grass pollen extract, and ten patients who were given no immunotherapy served as controls. Timothy-specific IgE, IgG and IgA antibodies in samples of serum and nasal secretion were quantified by radioimmunological technique. In comparison with the control group, the serum concentration of Timothy-specific IgE antibodies increased significantly (P<0.05) during the preseasonal hyposensitization treatment and then decreased significantly (P<0.05) during and after the pollen season while this therapy was being continued. In the hyposensitized patients the serum concentration of both IgG and IgA antibodies increased highly significantly (P<0.01 and P<0.001, respectively) during immunotherapy. In nasal secretion quantitative changes of the three types of antibodies were usually less pronounced or not detectable at all. The concentration of IgG antibodies, however, showed some increase in the nasal secretion during hyposensitization. These minor increases in allergen-specific IgG and IgA antibodies in nasal secretion might explain why parenteral hyposensitization in allergic rhinitis often does not give complete relief from symptoms.
Lymphocyte response to grass pollen antigens: a correlation with radioallergosorbent test and effect of immunotherapy; The deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) synthetic response of cultured lymphocytes to grass pollen antigens was significantly higher in 66 untreated atopic patients than in 15 non-atopic subjects (p<0.05). There was no correlation between the DNA synthetic response and the specific IgE antibody level as measured by radioallergosorbent test in the 81 subjects (r=0.13
Immunological studies in vitro and in vivo of children with pollenosis given immunotherapy with an aqueous and a glutaraldehyde treated tyrosine adsorbed grass pollen extract; 10 patients treated with an aqueous Timothy grass pollen extract and given monthly maintenance doses were compared to 10 patients given a gluteraldehyde treated tyrosine adsorbed grass pollen extract as 5 weekly injections pre seasonally. There were 4 non treated controls. Both treated groups showed equivalent increases of total IgE, Timothy specific IgE and IgG, but the concentrations of Timothy specific IgG antibodies were sustained only in the patients receiving maintenance therapy. An increase of IgE and RAST titres during the pollen season were obtained in all 3 groups. No consistent changes were seen in the results of leukocyte histamine release tests and nasoconjunctival provocation tests from spring to autumn. A Sepharose protein A technique was used for the estimation of Timothy specific IgG antibodies. The results obtained with this technique correlated excellently with those of the Farr technique and a double antibody technique.
Controlled specific immunotherapy of the nasal atopy; 61 Extrinsic nasal atopic patients (26 Grass positive, 35 D.pt. positive) underwent a longitudinal study of some clinical diagnostic parameters in order to establish their usefulness for a specific controlled therapy. The symptoms diary drawn up by the patient himself together with the research on the threshold and nasal responsiveness by the rhinorheomanometrics (RRM) provocation test and the evaluation on the same patient of the endo point of the blocking antibodies are the most suitable means to carry out in a satisfactory way a controlled specific therapy.
Depression of grass pollen induced lymphocyte transformation by serum from hyposensitized patients; Serum from grass sensitive patients who had received hyposensitization therapy was found able to depress the in vitro response to Holcus lanatus grass pollen extract of lymphocytes from untreated grass sensitive individuals. The inhibitory activity could no longer be demonstrated at serum dilutions equal to or greater than 1/100 and was not seen when the cells were stimulated with PHA or unrelated antigens. It was contained in the precipitated fraction of 33% saturated ammonium sulphate treated serum, segregated with the 7S peak of Sephadex G 200 and with the IgG fraction of DEAE Sephadex fractionated serum and could be removed by the absorption of the serum with the Holcus lanatus allergenic extract. These data suggest that the serum factor responsible for the depressed in vitro lymphocyte response to the allergen in hyposensitized patients was a 7S IgG antibody induced by immunotherapy.

There are 10 Target Papers Found during the search in PubMed!
They are:
efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet, mk-7243: a large randomized controlled trial
randomized controlled trial of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment in north american adults
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis
safety and efficacy in children of an sq-standardized grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets in north american children and adolescents
clinical efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in a us study: the importance of allergen-specific serum ige
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis

In the end, 10 Target Papers were left after filtering!
They are:
efficacy and safety of grass sublingual immunotherapy tablet, mk-7243: a large randomized controlled trial
randomized controlled trial of high-dose sublingual immunotherapy to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablet treatment in north american adults
efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy with grass allergen tablets for seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis
optimal dose, efficacy, and safety of once-daily sublingual immunotherapy with a 5-grass pollen tablet for seasonal allergic rhinitis
safety and efficacy in children of an sq-standardized grass allergen tablet for sublingual immunotherapy
efficacy and safety of 5-grass-pollen sublingual immunotherapy tablets in pediatric allergic rhinoconjunctivitis
efficacy and safety of timothy grass allergy immunotherapy tablets in north american children and adolescents
clinical efficacy of 300ir 5-grass pollen sublingual tablet in a us study: the importance of allergen-specific serum ige
sublingual immunotherapy with once-daily grass allergen tablets: a randomized controlled trial in seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis

The number of target article missing is: 0
False Positive Rate: 0.5238670694864048
False Negative Rate: 0.0
