Total number of articles searched: 432
Include criteria: [['Participants diagnosed with seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis'], ['Administration of grass pollen allergen sublingual immunotherapy tablets'], ['Comparative group receiving placebo or standard treatment'], ['Improvement in symptoms related to seasonal allergic rhinoconjunctivitis'], ['Meta-analysis or systematic review study design']]
Exclude criteria: [['Studies involving children under the age of 18'], ['Use of a different form of immunotherapy (e.g. subcutaneous injections)'], ['Lack of a control group for comparison'], ['Lack of reported primary outcomes (e.g. symptom improvement, medication use)'], ['Non-randomized study design']]
Antigen‐specific active immunotherapy for ovarian cancer; Abstract - Background This is the second update of the review first published in the Cochrane Library (2010, Issue 2) and later updated (2014, Issue 9). Despite advances in chemotherapy, the prognosis of ovarian cancer remains poor. Antigen‐specific active immunotherapy aims to induce tumour antigen‐specific anti‐tumour immune responses as an alternative treatment for ovarian cancer. Objectives Primary objective   • To assess the clinical efficacy of antigen‐specific active immunotherapy for the treatment of ovarian cancer as evaluated by tumour response measured by Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) and/or cancer antigen (CA)‐125 levels, response to post‐immunotherapy treatment, and survival differences ◦ In addition, we recorded the numbers of observed antigen‐specific humoral and cellular responses  Secondary objective   • To establish which combinations of immunotherapeutic strategies with tumour antigens provide the best immunological and clinical results Search methods For the previous version of this review, we performed a systematic search of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL
Sublingual immunotherapy for treating allergic conjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Allergic ocular symptoms, although frequently trivialised, are common and represent an important comorbidity of allergic rhinitis. Sublingual Immunotherapy (SLIT) is an effective and well‐tolerated treatment for allergic rhinitis, but its effects on symptoms of ocular allergy have not been well established. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy of SLIT compared with placebo for reductions in ocular symptoms, topical ocular medication requirements and conjunctival immediate allergen sensitivity. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 1), MEDLINE (January 1950 to January 2011), EMBASE (January 1980 to January 2011), Latin American and Caribbean Literature on Health Sciences (LILACS) (January 1982 to January 2011), Web of Science (January 1970 to January 2011), Biosis Previews, (January 1979 to January 2011), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ) (January 2011), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) (January 2011), the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) ( www.actr.org.au ) (July 2010), SCOPUS (November 2008) and the UK Clinical Trials Gateway (January 2010). There were no language or date restrictions in the search for trials. All electronic databases except for SCOPUS, the UK Clinical Trials Gateway and ANZCTR were last searched on 19 January 2011. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), double‐masked and placebo controlled, which evaluated the efficacy of SLIT in patients with symptoms of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (ARC) or allergic conjunctivitis (AC). Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was the total ocular symptom scores. Secondary endpoints included individual ocular symptom scores (such as itchy eyes, red eyes, watery eyes, swollen eyes), ocular medication scores (eye drops) and conjunctival immediate allergen sensitivity (CIAS). Data were analysed and reported as standardised mean differences (SMDs) using Review Manager software. Main results Forty‐two trials (n = 3958 total participants
Sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 2, 2003. Allergic rhinitis is a common condition which can significantly impair quality of life. Immunotherapy by injection can significantly reduce symptoms and medication use but its use is limited by the possibility of severe systemic adverse reactions. Immunotherapy by the sublingual route is therefore of considerable interest. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy for allergic rhinitis in adults and children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane ENT Group Trials Register
Immunotherapy for advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma; Abstract - Background Immune checkpoint inhibitors are increasingly important in the treatment algorithm for locally advanced and metastatic bladder cancer. Numerous ongoing studies are investigating these agents as first‐ and second‐line therapies, both alone and in combination with chemotherapy or in a maintenance therapy setting. Objectives To assess the effects of immune checkpoint inhibitors compared to chemotherapy as first‐ and second‐line treatment of advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search including the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, three other databases, several trial registers, other sources of gray literature, and conference proceedings, with no restrictions on language of publication. We limited the search period to run from 2000 until August 2022. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) using immunotherapy versus chemotherapy and would have considered non‐randomized trials in the absence of randomized trial data. Participants had locally advanced inoperable (cT4b or N+, or both) or metastatic (M1) (or both) urothelial carcinoma of the bladder or upper urinary tract. We excluded studies of people in whom immunotherapy was used in combination with chemotherapy or in a surveillance setting. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently classified studies for inclusion and abstracted data from included studies. We performed statistical analyses using a random‐effects model and interpreted them according to the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We used GRADE guidance to rate the certainty of evidence on a per‐outcome basis. Main results We included five RCTs and identified seven single‐armed studies. The RCTs included 3572 participants comparing immunotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of locally advanced and metastatic bladder cancer. First‐line therapy Immunotherapy probably has little to no effect on the risk of death from any cause when used as first‐line therapy compared to chemotherapy (hazard ratio [HR] 0.97, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.87 to 1.07
Allergen injection immunotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is the most common of the allergic diseases. Despite improved understanding of the pathophysiology of allergic rhinitis and advances in its pharmacological treatment, its prevalence has increased worldwide. For patients whose symptoms remain uncontrolled despite medical treatment, allergen injection immunotherapy is advised. An allergen‐based treatment may reduce symptoms, the need for medication and modify the natural course of this disease. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of subcutaneous specific allergen immunotherapy, compared with placebo, for reducing symptoms and medication requirements in seasonal allergic rhinitis patients. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library , Issue 1 2006), MEDLINE (1950 to 2006), EMBASE (1974 to 2006), Pre‐MEDLINE, KOREAMED, INDMED, LILACS, PAKMEDINET, Scisearch,  m RCT and the National Research Register. The date of the last search was February 2006. Selection criteria All studies identified by the searches were assessed to identify randomised controlled trials involving participants with symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and proven allergen sensitivity, treated with subcutaneous allergen specific immunotherapy or corresponding placebo. Data collection and analysis Two independent authors identified all studies reporting double‐blind, placebo controlled randomised trials of specific immunotherapy in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis due to tree, grass or weed pollens. Two authors independently performed quality assessment of studies. Data from identified studies were abstracted onto a standard extraction sheet and subsequently entered into RevMan 4.2.8. Analysis was performed using the Standardised Mean Difference (SMD) method and a random‐effects model
Helminth therapy (worms) for allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a disorder of the nasal membranes and surrounding tissues, and a worldwide cause of illness and disability. Helminths are complex tissue‐dwelling or lumen‐dwelling organisms that inhabit larger organisms and are frequently asymptomatic. Helminths modulate the natural immune responses of their human hosts, and may prevent or cure immune‐mediated or allergic diseases (e.g. allergic rhinitis) in the host. Non‐randomised studies support this hypothesis. Objectives To assess the safety and effectiveness of helminth therapy in people with allergic rhinitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Specific allergen immunotherapy for the treatment of atopic eczema; Abstract - Background Specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT) is a treatment that may improve disease severity in people with atopic eczema (AE) by inducing immune tolerance to the relevant allergen. A high quality systematic review has not previously assessed the efficacy and safety of this treatment. Objectives To assess the effects of specific allergen immunotherapy (SIT), including subcutaneous, sublingual, intradermal, and oral routes, compared with placebo or a standard treatment in people with atopic eczema. Search methods We searched the following databases up to July 2015: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in the Cochrane Library (Issue 7, 2015), MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), LILACS (from 1982), Web of Science™ (from 2005), the Global Resource of EczemA Trials (GREAT database), and five trials databases. We searched abstracts from recent European and North American allergy meetings and checked the references of included studies and review articles for further references to relevant trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of specific allergen immunotherapy that used standardised allergen extracts in people with AE. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction (including adverse effects), assessment of risk of bias, and analyses. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We identified 12 RCTs for inclusion in this review
Sublingual immunotherapy for asthma; Abstract - Background Asthma is a common long‐term respiratory disease affecting approximately 300 million people worldwide. Approximately half of people with asthma have an important allergic component to their disease, which may provide an opportunity for targeted treatment. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) aims to reduce asthma symptoms by delivering increasing doses of an allergen (e.g. house dust mite, pollen extract) under the tongue to induce immune tolerance. Fifty‐two studies were identified and synthesised in the original Cochrane Review in 2015, but questions remained about the safety and efficacy of sublingual immunotherapy for people with asthma. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of sublingual immunotherapy compared with placebo or standard care for adults and children with asthma. Search methods The original searches for trials from the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register (CAGR), ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO ICTRP, and reference lists of all primary studies and review articles found trials up to 25 March 2015. The most recent search for trials for the current update was conducted on 29 October 2019. Selection criteria We included parallel randomised controlled trials, irrespective of blinding or duration, that evaluated sublingual immunotherapy versus placebo or as an add‐on to standard asthma management. We included both adults and children with asthma of any severity and with any allergen‐sensitisation pattern. We included studies that recruited participants with asthma, rhinitis, or both, providing at least 80% of trial participants had a diagnosis of asthma. We selected outcomes to reflect recommended outcomes for asthma clinical trials and those most important to people with asthma. Primary outcomes were asthma exacerbations requiring a visit to the emergency department (ED) or admission to hospital, validated measures of quality of life, and all‐cause serious adverse events (SAEs). Secondary outcomes were asthma symptom scores, exacerbations requiring systemic corticosteroids, response to provocation tests, and dose of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the search results for included trials, extracted numerical data, and assessed risk of bias, all of which were cross‐checked for accuracy. Any disagreements were resolved by discussion. We analysed dichotomous data as odds ratios (ORs) or risk differences (RDs) using study participants as the unit of analysis
Immunotherapy for diabetic amyotrophy; Abstract - Background People with diabetes mellitus (DM) sometimes present with acute or subacute, progressive, asymmetrical pain and weakness of the proximal lower limb muscles. The various names for the condition include diabetic amyotrophy, diabetic lumbosacral radiculoplexus neuropathies, diabetic femoral neuropathy or Bruns‐Garland syndrome. Some studies suggest that diabetic amyotrophy may be an immune‐mediated inflammatory microvasculitis causing ischaemic damage of the nerves. Immunotherapies would therefore be expected to be beneficial. This is the second update of a review first published in 2009. Objectives To review the evidence from randomised trials for the efficacy of any form of immunotherapy in the treatment of diabetic amyotrophy. Search methods On 5 September 2016 we searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase. We also contacted authors of relevant publications and other experts to obtain additional references, unpublished trials, and ongoing trials. Selection criteria We intended to include all randomised and quasi‐randomised trials of any immunotherapy in participants with the condition fulfilling all the following: diabetes mellitus as defined by internationally recognised criteria
Immunotherapy for recurrent miscarriage; Abstract - Background Because immunological aberrations might be the cause of miscarriage in some women, several immunotherapies have been used to treat women with otherwise unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of any immunotherapy, including paternal leukocyte immunization and intravenous immunoglobulin on the live birth rate in women with previous unexplained recurrent miscarriages. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (11 February 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomized trials of immunotherapies used to treat women with three or more prior miscarriages and no more than one live birth after, in whom all recognized non‐immunologic causes of recurrent miscarriage had been ruled out and no simultaneous treatment was given. Data collection and analysis The review author and the two co‐authors independently extracted data and assessed study quality for all studies considered for this review. Main results Twenty trials of high quality were included. The various forms of immunotherapy did not show significant differences between treatment and control groups in terms of subsequent live births: paternal cell immunization (12 trials, 641 women), Peto odds ratio (Peto OR) 1.23, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 1.70
Injection allergen immunotherapy for asthma; Abstract - Background Allergen specific immunotherapy has long been a controversial treatment for asthma. Although beneficial effects upon clinically relevant outcomes have been demonstrated in randomised controlled trials, there remains a risk of severe and sometimes fatal anaphylaxis. The recommendations of professional bodies have ranged from cautious acceptance to outright dismissal. With increasing interest in new allergen preparations and methods of delivery, we updated the systematic review of allergen specific immunotherapy for asthma. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of allergen specific immunotherapy for asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Trials Register up to 2005, Dissertation Abstracts and Current Contents. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials using various forms of allergen specific immunotherapy to treat asthma and reporting at least one clinical outcome. Data collection and analysis Three authors independently assessed eligibility of studies for inclusion. Two authors independently performed quality assessment of studies. Main results Eighty‐eight trials were included (13 new trials). There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy
Immunotherapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Abstract - Background Since the mid‐2000s, the field of metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) has experienced a paradigm shift from non‐specific therapy with broad‐acting cytokines to specific regimens, which directly target the cancer, the tumour microenvironment, or both. Current guidelines recommend targeted therapies with agents such as sunitinib, pazopanib or temsirolimus (for people with poor prognosis) as the standard of care for first‐line treatment of people with mRCC and mention non‐specific cytokines as an alternative option for selected patients. In November 2015, nivolumab, a checkpoint inhibitor directed against programmed death‐1 (PD‐1), was approved as the first specific immunotherapeutic agent as second��line therapy in previously treated mRCC patients. Objectives To assess the effects of immunotherapies either alone or in combination with standard targeted therapies for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma and their efficacy to maximize patient benefit. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Ovid), ISI Web of Science and registers of ongoing clinical trials in November 2016 without language restrictions. We scanned reference lists and contacted experts in the field to obtain further information. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs with or without blinding involving people with mRCC. Data collection and analysis We collected and analyzed studies according to the published protocol. Summary statistics for the primary endpoints were risk ratios (RRs) and mean differences (MD) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We rated the quality of evidence using GRADE methodology and summarized the quality and magnitude of relative and absolute effects for each primary outcome in our 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results We identified eight studies with 4732 eligible participants and an additional 13 ongoing studies. We categorized studies into comparisons, all against standard therapy accordingly as first‐line (five comparisons) or second‐line therapy (one comparison) for mRCC. Interferon (IFN)‐α monotherapy probably increases one‐year overall mortality compared to standard targeted therapies with temsirolimus or sunitinib (RR 1.30, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.51
Oral and sublingual immunotherapy for egg allergy; Abstract - Background Clinical egg allergy is a common food allergy. Current management relies upon strict allergen avoidance. Oral immunotherapy might be an optional treatment, through desensitization to egg allergen. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of oral and sublingual immunotherapy in children and adults with immunoglobulin E (IgE)‐mediated egg allergy as compared to a placebo treatment or an avoidance strategy. Search methods We searched 13 databases for journal articles, conference proceedings, theses and trials registers using a combination of subject headings and text words (last search 31 March 2017). Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing oral immunotherapy or sublingual immunotherapy administered by any protocol with placebo or an elimination diet. Participants were children or adults with clinical egg allergy. Data collection and analysis We retrieved 97 studies from the electronic searches. We selected studies, extracted data and assessed the methodological quality. We attempted to contact the study investigators to obtain the unpublished data, wherever possible. We used the I² statistic to assess statistical heterogeneity. We estimated a pooled risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for each outcome using a Mantel‐Haenzel fixed‐effect model if statistical heterogeneity was low (I² value less than 50%). We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes using GRADE. Main results We included 10 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria, that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249
Mycobacterium vaccae immunotherapy for treating tuberculosis; Abstract - Background Some authorities have advocated  Mycobacterium vaccae  immunotherapy for treating tuberculosis and other infections caused by mycobacteria. Objectives To evaluate  M. vaccae  immunotherapy as an adjunct to chemotherapy in people with tuberculosis. Search methods In October 2002, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Controlled Trials Register ( The Cochrane Library  2002, Issue 3), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and reference lists of articles. We also contacted organizations and individuals working in the field. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials of inoculation with whole killed  M. vaccae  versus placebo for people with tuberculosis. Data collection and analysis Both authors assessed trial quality and extracted data. Dichotomous outcomes were analysed with risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Eight trials involving 2140 adults met the inclusion criteria.  M. vaccae  immunotherapy had no significant effect on the number of deaths (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.42
Venom immunotherapy for preventing allergic reactions to insect stings; Abstract - Background Venom immunotherapy (VIT) is commonly used for preventing further allergic reactions to insect stings in people who have had a sting reaction. The efficacy and safety of this treatment has not previously been assessed by a high‐quality systematic review. Objectives To assess the effects of immunotherapy using extracted insect venom for preventing further allergic reactions to insect stings in people who have had an allergic reaction to a sting. Search methods We searched the following databases up to February 2012: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), PsycINFO (from 1806), AMED (from 1985), LILACS (from 1982), the Armed Forces Pest Management Board Literature Retrieval System, and OpenGrey. There were no language or publication status restrictions to our searches. We searched trials databases, abstracts from recent European and North American allergy meetings, and the references of identified review articles in order to identify further relevant trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of venom immunotherapy using standardised venom extract in insect sting allergy. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently undertook study selection, data extraction, and assessment of risk of bias. We identified adverse events from included controlled trials and from a separate analysis of observational studies identified as part of a National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence Health Technology Assessment. Main results We identified 6 randomised controlled trials and 1 quasi‐randomised controlled trial for inclusion in the review
Adjuvant Therapy for completely resected Stage II Colon Cancer; Abstract - Background : Colon cancer is potentially curable by surgery. Although adjuvant chemotherapy benefits patients with stage III disease, there is uncertainty of such benefit in stage II colon cancer. A systematic review of the literature was performed to better define the potential benefits of adjuvant therapy for patients with stage II colon cancer. Objectives : To determine the effects of adjuvant therapy on overall survival and disease‐free survival in patients with stage II colon cancer. Search methods : Ovid MEDLINE(R) (1986‐2007), EMBASE (1980‐2007), and EBM Reviews ‐ Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( to 2007) were searched using the medical headings "colonic neoplasms", "colorectal neoplasms", "adjuvant chemotherapy", "adjuvant radiotherapy" and "immunotherapy", and the text words "colon cancer" and "colonic neoplasms". In addition, proceedings from the annual meetings of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and the European Society of Medical Oncology (1996 to 2004) as well as personal files were searched for additional information. Selection criteria : Randomized trials or meta‐analyses containing data on stage II colon cancer patients undergoing adjuvant therapy versus surgery alone. Data collection and analysis : Three reviewers summarized the results of selected studies. The main outcomes of interest were overall and disease‐free survival, however, data on toxicity and treatment delivery were also recorded. Main results : With regards to the effect of adjuvant therapy on stage II colon cancer, the pooled relative risk ratio for overall survival was 0.96 (95% confidence interval 0.88, 1.05). With regards to disease‐free survival, the pooled relative risk ratio was 0.83 (95% confidence interval 0.75, 0.92). Authors' conclusions : Although there was no improvement in overall survival in the pooled analysis, we did find that disease‐free survival in patients with stage II colon cancer was signficantly better with the use of adjuvant therapy. It seems reasonable to discuss the benefits of adjuvant systemic chemotherapy with those stage II patients who have high risk features, including obstruction, perforation, inadequate lymph node sampling or T4 disease. The co‐morbidities and likelihood of tolerating adjuvant systemic chemotherapy should be considered as well. There exists a need to further define which high‐risk features in stage II colon cancer patients should be used to select patients for adjuvant therapy. Also, researchers must continue to search for other therapies which might be more effective, shorter in duration and less toxic than those available today. Plain language summary Adjuvant therapy for completely resected stage II colon cancer Colon cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths in the Western world. A large proportion of colon cancer patients can be cured by surgical resection alone. For those patients with lymph node positive (stage III) disease, the recurrence rate can exceed 50% and adjuvant chemotherapy has been shown to significantly reduce the risk of recurrence. In patients without lymph node involvement (stage I and II), the prognosis is quite good with surgery alone, with survival rates of 75% to 95% at 5 years. However, some patients with high risk stage II disease have a relapse rate approaching that of stage III colon cancer patients. Due to the effectiveness of systemic chemotherapy in stage III disease, a similar approach has been considered for patients with stage II disease. We performed a systematic review looking at all randomized clinical trials evaluating stage II colon cancer patients and adjuvant therapy versus surgery alone. Our review found that adjuvant therapy ‐either systemic or regional chemotherapy or immunotherapy‐ can improve the outcomes of stage II patients. In counselling individual patients, the advice given should be conditioned by the patient's age and comorbidities. In addition, the high risk features of the tumour should also be considered when contemplating the benefits of systemic therapy in patients with stage II colon cancer. Further investigation is needed to elucidate which patient and tumour factors can be used to select stage II colon cancer patients for adjuvant therapy. There also exists a need to continue to search for other adjuvant therapies which might be more effective, shorter in duration and less toxic than those available today.
Immunotherapy for IgM anti‐myelin‐associated glycoprotein paraprotein‐associated peripheral neuropathies; Abstract - Background Serum monoclonal anti‐myelin‐associated glycoprotein (anti‐MAG) antibodies may be pathogenic in some people with immunoglobulin M (IgM) paraprotein and demyelinating neuropathy. Immunotherapies aimed at reducing the level of these antibodies might be expected to be beneficial. This is an update of a review first published in 2003 and previously updated in 2006 and 2012. Objectives To assess the effects of immunotherapy for IgM anti‐MAG paraprotein‐associated demyelinating peripheral neuropathy. Search methods On 1 February 2016 we searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, and Embase for randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We also checked trials registers and bibliographies, and contacted authors and experts in the field. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs involving participants of any age treated with any type of immunotherapy for anti‐MAG antibody‐associated demyelinating peripheral neuropathy with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance and of any severity. Our primary outcome measures were numbers of participants improved in disability assessed with either or both of the Neuropathy Impairment Scale (NIS) or the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) at six months after randomisation. Secondary outcome measures were: mean improvement in disability, assessed with either the NIS or the mRS, 12 months after randomisation
Interventions for the treatment of oral and oropharyngeal cancers: targeted therapy and immunotherapy; Abstract - Background Oral cancers are the sixth most common cancer worldwide, yet the prognosis following a diagnosis of oral cavity or oropharyngeal cancers remains poor, with approximately 50% survival at five years. Despite a sharp increase in research into molecularly targeted therapies and a rapid expansion in the number of clinical trials assessing new targeted therapies, their value for treating oral cancers is unclear. Therefore, it is important to summarise the evidence to determine the efficacy and toxicity of targeted therapies and immunotherapies for the treatment of these cancers. Objectives To assess the effects of molecularly targeted therapies and immunotherapies, in addition to standard therapies, for the treatment of oral cavity or oropharyngeal cancers. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: Cochrane Oral Health Group Trials Register (to 3 February 2015), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library , 2015, Issue 1), MEDLINE via Ovid (1946 to 3 February 2015) and EMBASE via Ovid (1980 to 3 February 2015). We searched the US National Institutes of Health Trials Register ( clinicaltrials.gov ), the World Health Organization Clinical Trials Registry Platform, the American Society of Clinical Oncology conference abstracts and the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group clinical trials protocols for ongoing trials. We placed no restrictions on the language or date of publication. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials where more than 50% of participants had primary tumours of the oral cavity or oropharynx, and which compared targeted therapy or immunotherapy, plus standard therapy, with standard therapy alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the results of the electronic searches, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. We attempted to contact study authors for missing data or clarification where necessary. We combined sufficiently similar studies in meta‐analyses using random‐effects models when there were at least four studies and fixed‐effect models when fewer than four studies. We obtained or calculated a hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for the primary outcomes where possible. For dichotomous outcomes, we reported risk ratios (RR) and 95% CIs. Main results Twelve trials (2488 participants) satisfied the inclusion criteria. In the included trials, 12% of participants (298 participants) had tumours of the oral cavity and 59% (1468 participants) had oropharyngeal tumours. The remaining 29% had tumours of the larynx or hypopharynx and less than 1% had tumours at other sites. No included trial was at low risk of bias
Anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy postconsolidation therapy for people with high‐risk neuroblastoma treated with autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation; Abstract - Background Neuroblastoma is a rare malignant disease that primarily affects children. The tumours mainly develop in the adrenal medullary tissue, and an abdominal mass is the most common presentation. High‐risk disease is characterised by metastasis and other primary tumour characteristics resulting in increased risk for an adverse outcome. The GD2 carbohydrate antigen is expressed on the cell surface of neuroblastoma tumour cells and is thus a promising target for anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy. Objectives To assess the efficacy of anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing postconsolidation immunotherapy after high‐dose chemotherapy (HDCT) and autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) compared to standard therapy after HDCT and autologous HSCT in people with high‐risk neuroblastoma. Our primary outcomes were overall survival and treatment‐related mortality. Our secondary outcomes were progression‐free survival, event‐free survival, early toxicity, late non‐haematological toxicity, and health‐related quality of life. Search methods We searched the electronic databases CENTRAL (2018, Issue 9), MEDLINE (PubMed), and Embase (Ovid) on 20 September 2018. We searched trial registries and conference proceedings on 28 October 2018. Further searches included reference lists of recent reviews and relevant articles as well as contacting experts in the field. There were no limits on publication year or language. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials evaluating anti‐GD2 antibody‐containing immunotherapy after HDCT and autologous HSCT in people with high‐risk neuroblastoma. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, abstracted data on study and participant characteristics, and assessed risk of bias and GRADE. Any differences were resolved by discussion, with third‐party arbitration unnecessary. We performed analyses according to the guidelines of the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We used the five GRADE considerations, that is study limitations, consistency of effect, imprecision, indirectness, and publication bias, to judge the quality of the evidence. Main results We identified one randomised controlled trial that included 226 people with high‐risk neuroblastoma who were pre‐treated with autologous HSCT. The study randomised 113 participants to receive immunotherapy including isotretinoin, granulocyte‐macrophage colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF), interleukin‐2, and ch14.18, a type of anti‐GD2 antibody also known as dinutuximab. The study randomised another 113 participants to receive standard therapy including isotretinoin. The results on overall survival favoured the dinutuximab‐containing immunotherapy group (hazard ratio (HR) 0.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.31 to 0.80
Enteral nutrition formulations for acute pancreatitis; Abstract - Background Acute pancreatitis is a common and potentially lethal disease with increasing incidence. Severe cases are characterised by high mortality, and despite improvements in intensive care management, no specific treatment relevantly improves clinical outcomes of the disease. Meta‐analyses suggest that enteral nutrition is more effective than conventional treatment consisting of discontinuation of oral intake with use of total parenteral nutrition. However, no systematic review has compared different enteral nutrition formulations for the treatment of patients with acute pancreatitis. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of different enteral nutrition formulations in patients with acute pancreatitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Upper Gastrointestinal and Pancreatic Diseases Group Specialised Register of Clinical Trials, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2013, Issue 7), MEDLINE (from inception to 20 August 2013), EMBASE (from inception to 2013, week 33) and Science Citation Index–Expanded (from 1990 to August 2013)
Salvage systemic therapy for advanced gastric and oesophago‐gastric junction adenocarcinoma; Abstract - Background Salvage systemic therapy has become the new standard of care in patients with advanced gastric and oesophago‐gastric junction (OGJ) adenocarcinoma, following disease progression on first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Pharmacological agents proven to be effective in this setting include both chemotherapy and biological therapy, however, the consensus on the best salvage systemic therapy has not been reached. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic chemotherapy and biological therapy, either alone or in combination, on overall survival (OS) and progression‐free survival (PFS) in patients with advanced gastric and OGJ adenocarcinoma, whose disease has progressed on, or relapsed after first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Adverse events (AEs), tumour response rate (TRR) and quality of life (QoL) associated with systemic chemotherapy and/or biological therapy were additionally assessed. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, trial registries and proceedings of the major oncology conferences up to October 2020. We additionally handsearched the reference lists of studies. No language restriction was applied. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing salvage systemic therapy (chemotherapy and/or biological therapy) and either another type of salvage systemic therapy, placebo, best supportive care (BSC) or no treatment in patients with gastric and OGJ adenocarcinoma refractory to first‐line fluoropyrimidine and platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed selection of eligible studies and the primary author extracted study characteristics and outcome data from included studies. We assessed the quality and risk of bias of eligible studies according to the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We expressed pooled estimates of effect using hazard ratio (HR) calculated using an inverse variance random‐effects model for time‐to‐event data, and risk ratio (RR) calculated using Mantel‐Haenszel random‐effects model for binary data. The certainty of evidence was graded using GRADEpro. Main results We identified 17 RCTs with 5110 participants for inclusion in this review. Tweenty‐nine studies are ongoing and twenty studies are awaiting classification. No studies examined the following comparisons: chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus placebo, BSC or no treatment, chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus biological therapy, biological therapy versus biological therapy and chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus chemotherapy combined with biological therapy. Chemotherapy versus placebo, best supportive care or no treatment Chemotherapy probably improves OS (HR = 0.66, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.83, moderate‐certainty evidence) based on two studies involving 547 participants and improves PFS (HR = 0.57, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.69, high‐certainty evidence) based on one study involving 507 participants over placebo and BSC. Chemotherapy probably increases serious AEs (SAEs) (RR = 1.38, 95% CI 1.20 to 1.59, moderate‐certainty evidence) based on one study involving 503 participants. Biological therapy versus placebo, best supportive care or no treatment Biological therapy improves OS (HR = 0.55, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.73, high‐certainty evidence) and probably improves PFS (HR = 0.33, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.57, moderate‐certainty evidence) over placebo based on three studies involving 781 participants. There is currently insufficient evidence for increased SAEs from biological therapy (RR = 1.14, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.37, low‐certainty evidence) based on two studies involving 638 participants. Chemotherapy versus biological therapy This comparison only considered immunotherapy. There is probably no evidence of a difference for OS (HR = 0.82, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.02, moderate‐certainty evidence) between chemotherapy and immunotherapy, and immunotherapy probably reduces PFS (HR = 1.27, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.57, moderate‐certainty evidence) based on one study involving 395 participants. SAEs may be less frequent with immunotherapy compared to chemotherapy (RR = 0.41, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.57, low‐certainty evidence). Chemotherapy combined with biological therapy versus chemotherapy Addition of biological therapy to chemotherapy probably does not improve OS (HR = 0.93, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.04, moderate‐certainty evidence) and we are uncertain whether it improves PFS (HR = 0.87, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.02, very low‐certainty evidence) based on seven studies involving 2743 participants. We are similarly uncertain whether combined chemotherapy and biological therapy increases SAEs (RR = 1.17, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.44, very low‐certainty evidence) based on four studies involving 1618 participants. Chemotherapy versus chemotherapy There is no evidence of a difference for OS and PFS between irinotecan and paclitaxel (HR = 1.13, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.48, low‐certainty evidence for OS
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy for surgical resection of hepatocellular carcinoma; Abstract - Background Hepatocellular carcinoma is a disease of great concern. Surgery is the treatment of choice, but there is still a high recurrence rate after resection. Objectives To determine the benefits and harms of neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapies compared to surgery alone or surgery and placebo/supportive therapy after curative resection for operable hepatocellular carcinoma. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials  ( CENTRAL ) in  The Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  Science Citation Index Expanded ,  Chinese Biomedical Database , and  US National Cancer Institute's Physician's Data Query Trials Database  until 2005. References of the identified trials were also searched for identifying further trials. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials that compared hepatocellular carcinoma patients who were given and not given neoadjuvant/adjuvant therapy as a supplement to curative liver resection. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted independently by two authors and discrepancies resolved by consensus. The survival and disease‐free survival curves were compared using their one, two, three, four, and five‐year survival rates, median survival times, and the result of the significance tests (P‐values). Main results A total of 12 randomised trials were identified, totaling 843 patients. The size of the randomised clinical trials ranged from 30 to 155 patients. Both preoperative (neoadjuvant) and postoperative (adjuvant), systemic and locoregional (+/‐ embolisation), chemo‐ and immunotherapy interventions were tested. Treatment regimens and patients selected were not comparable, so no pooling was done. Only one regimen using preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolisation with doxorubicin was similar in two trials. Four of the twelve trials reported survival benefit at five years when given adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. Disease‐free survival was reported in nine trials, and the estimated hazard ratios show that disease‐free survival was significant in two trials at five years. These two trials had not shown a survival advantage, but the recurrence was significantly lower in patients given adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. The highest toxicity rate was in a trial using oral 1‐hexylcarbamoyl 5‐fluorouracil which resulted in 12 out of 38 patients being withdrawn from the trial because of adverse events. Authors' conclusions There is no clear evidence for efficacy of any of the adjuvant and neo‐adjuvant protocols reviewed, but there is some evidence to suggest that adjuvant therapy may be beneficial offering prolonged disease‐free survival. In order to detect a realistic treatment advantage, larger trials with lower risk of systematic error will have to be conducted. Plain language summary Not enough evidence to show if anti‐cancer drugs before and after surgery increase survival in liver cell cancer patients Hepatocellular carcinoma, the commonest primary cancer of the liver is the sixth most common cancer in the world. According to the World Health Organization, most cases of hepatocellular carcinoma occur in Asia and Africa, however recent reports suggest that the incidence of primary liver cancer is also increasing in several developed countries, mainly in the Unites States and Europe. In Southeast Asia and Africa, hepatocellular carcinoma is predominantly associated with hepatitis B virus infection, whereas in Western countries and Japan it is associated with infection due to hepatitis C virus. For hepatocellular carcinoma, surgery is the main form of treatment, but it is only possible for a small proportion of those afflicted. Even after curative resection, recurrence is common and is the main cause of death. Adjuvant (that is, chemotherapy after surgery) and neo‐adjuvant therapy (that is, chemotherapy before surgery) are thus attempted to try to improve outcomes. This review sets on to determine the efficacy and adverse events of different neoadjuvant therapies (drug given before) versus adjuvant therapies (drug given after) compared to surgery alone, or surgery and placebo or supportive therapy when given to improve relapse and survival rates for operable hepatocellular carcinoma. A total of 12 randomised trials were identified, totaling 843 patients. The size of the randomised clinical trials ranged from 30 to 155 patients. Nine of the twelve trials reported no survival benefit from adjuvant therapy. Two trials reported a significant difference for survival and four studies for disease‐free survival for the treatment group, but the results of one of the trials on both its groups were very poor when compared to other trials. Two of the trials that did not report any absolute survival advantage reported statistically significant differences in disease‐free survival. The highest toxicity rate was in a trial using oral 1‐hexylcarbamoyl 5‐ fluorouracil which resulted in 12 out of 38 patients being withdrawn from the trial because of adverse events. In conclusion, this review found insufficient evidence to show that adjuvant and neo‐adjuvant therapy increase survival from hepatocellular carcinoma, but there is limited evidence to suggest that neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy may be useful for disease‐free survival.
Resection versus other treatments for locally advanced pancreatic cancer; Abstract - Background Pancreatic cancer is an aggressive cancer. Resection of the cancer is the only treatment with the potential to achieve long‐term survival. However, a third of patients with pancreatic cancer have locally advanced cancer involving adjacent structures such as blood vessels which are not usually removed because of fear of increased complications after surgery. Such patients often receive palliative treatment. Resection of the pancreas along with the involved vessels is an alternative to palliative treatment for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Objectives To compare the benefits and harms of surgical resection versus palliative treatment in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2013, Issue 12), MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index Expanded, and trial registers until February 2014. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials comparing pancreatic resection versus palliative treatments for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (irrespective of language or publication status). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and independently extracted the data. We analysed the data with both the fixed‐effect and random‐effects models using Review Manager (RevMan). We calculated the hazard ratio (HR), risk ratio (RR) or mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) based on an intention‐to‐treat analysis. Main results We identified two trials comparing pancreatic resection versus other treatments for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Ninety eight patients were randomised to pancreatic resection (n = 47) or palliative treatment (n = 51) in the two trials included in this review. Both trials were at high risk of bias. Both trials included patients who had locally advanced pancreatic cancer which involved the serosa anteriorly or retroperitoneum posteriorly or involved the blood vessels. Such pancreatic cancers would be considered generally unresectable. One trial included patients with pancreatic cancer in different locations of the pancreas including the head, neck and body (n = 42). The patients allocated to the pancreatic resection group underwent partial pancreatic resection (pancreatoduodenectomy with lymph node clearance or distal pancreatic resection with lymph node clearance) in this trial
Systemic treatments for metastatic cutaneous melanoma; Abstract - Background The prognosis of people with metastatic cutaneous melanoma, a skin cancer, is generally poor. Recently, new classes of drugs (e.g. immune checkpoint inhibitors and small‐molecule targeted drugs) have significantly improved patient prognosis, which has drastically changed the landscape of melanoma therapeutic management. This is an update of a Cochrane Review published in 2000. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of systemic treatments for metastatic cutaneous melanoma. Search methods We searched the following databases up to October 2017: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers and the ASCO database in February 2017, and checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Selection criteria We considered RCTs of systemic therapies for people with unresectable lymph node metastasis and distant metastatic cutaneous melanoma compared to any other treatment. We checked the reference lists of selected articles to identify further references to relevant trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors extracted data, and a third review author independently verified extracted data. We implemented a network meta‐analysis approach to make indirect comparisons and rank treatments according to their effectiveness (as measured by the impact on survival) and harm (as measured by occurrence of high‐grade toxicity). The same two review authors independently assessed the risk of bias of eligible studies according to Cochrane standards and assessed evidence quality based on the GRADE criteria. Main results We included 122 RCTs (28,561 participants). Of these, 83 RCTs, encompassing 21 different comparisons, were included in meta‐analyses. Included participants were men and women with a mean age of 57.5 years who were recruited from hospital settings. Twenty‐nine studies included people whose cancer had spread to their brains. Interventions were categorised into five groups: conventional chemotherapy (including single agent and polychemotherapy), biochemotherapy (combining chemotherapy with cytokines such as interleukin‐2 and interferon‐alpha), immune checkpoint inhibitors (such as anti‐CTLA4 and anti‐PD1 monoclonal antibodies), small‐molecule targeted drugs used for melanomas with specific gene changes (such as BRAF inhibitors and MEK inhibitors), and other agents (such as anti‐angiogenic drugs). Most interventions were compared with chemotherapy. In many cases, trials were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies producing the tested drug: this was especially true for new classes of drugs, such as immune checkpoint inhibitors and small‐molecule targeted drugs. When compared to single agent chemotherapy, the combination of multiple chemotherapeutic agents (polychemotherapy) did not translate into significantly better survival (overall survival: HR 0.99, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.16, 6 studies, 594 participants
Topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers for treating seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Seasonal/perennial allergic conjunctivitis is the most common allergic conjunctivitis, usually with acute manifestations when a person is exposed to allergens and with typical signs and symptoms including itching, redness, and tearing. The clinical signs and symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis are mediated by the release of histamine by mast cells. Histamine antagonists (also called antihistamines) inhibit the action of histamine by blocking histamine H1 receptors, antagonising the vasoconstrictor, and to a lesser extent, the vasodilator effects of histamine. Mast cell stabilisers inhibit degranulation and consequently the release of histamine by interrupting the normal chain of intracellular signals.    Topical treatments include eye drops with antihistamines, mast cell stabilisers, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, combinations of the previous treatments, and corticosteroids. Standard treatment is based on topical antihistamines alone or topical mast cell stabilisers alone or a combination of treatments. There is clinical uncertainty about the relative efficacy and safety of topical treatment. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, for use in treating seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2014, Issue 7), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process and Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Ovid OLDMEDLINE (January 1946 to July 2014), EMBASE (January 1980 to July 2014), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 17 July 2014. We also searched the reference lists of review articles and relevant trial reports for details of further relevant publications. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing topical antihistamine and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, with placebo, no treatment or to any other antihistamine or mast cell stabiliser, or both, that examined people with seasonal or perennial allergic conjunctivitis, or both. The primary outcome was any participant‐reported evaluation (by questionnaire) of severity of four main ocular symptoms: itching, irritation, watering eye (tearing), and photophobia (dislike of light), both separately and, if possible, by an overall symptom score. We considered any follow‐up time between one week and one year. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Disagreements were resolved by discussion among review authors and the involvement of a third review author. We followed standard methodological approaches used by Cochrane. Main results We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one RCT: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine, levocabastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, combination of levocabastine and pemirolast potassium. The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo (nine studies). We observed a large variability in reporting outcomes. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short‐term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. Meta‐analysis was only possible in one comparison (olopatadine versus ketotifen). There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical antihistamine and mast cell stabilisers treatment. Authors' conclusions It seems that all reported topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long‐term data on their efficacy. Direct comparisons of different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers need to be interpreted with caution. Overall, topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated. We observed a large variability in outcomes reported. Poor quality of reporting challenged the synthesis of evidence. Plain language summary Topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers for treating seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis Review question   Are treatments with eye drops of antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers, alone or in combination, effective and safe in people with seasonal and allergic conjunctivitis? The main outcome measure was eye symptoms reported by participants, including eye itching, irritation (burning sensation), watering eyes (tearing), and photophobia (dislike of light). We found 30 trials. Background   Conjunctivitis refers to inflammation of the conjunctiva, which is the thin tissue that covers the sclera (white part of the eye). Seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis is the most common type of allergic conjunctivitis. Although this condition does not cause sight loss, it can cause intense itching and eye watering. Eye drops with antihistamines or mast cell stabilisers, or both are commonly used. Study characteristics   The evidence is current to July 2014. Among the 30 studies reviewed there were 17 different comparisons, including 4344 participants ranging in age between 4 and 85 years. The duration of treatment ranged from one to eight weeks. Ten out of 30 studies were funded by the drug manufacturer (8 totally and 2 partially funded)
Cytoreductive nephrectomy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Abstract - Background Nephrectomy is the surgical removal of all or part of a kidney. When the aim of nephrectomy is to reduce tumor burden in people with established metastatic disease, the procedure is called cytoreductive nephrectomy (CN). CN is typically combined with systemic anticancer therapy (SACT). SACT can be initiated before or immediately after the operation or deferred until radiological signs of disease progression. The benefits and harms of CN are controversial. Objectives To assess the effects of cytoreductive nephrectomy combined with systemic anticancer therapy versus systemic anticancer therapy alone or watchful waiting in newly diagnosed metastatic renal cell carcinoma. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search in the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, two trial registries, and other gray literature sources up to 1 March 2024. We applied no restrictions on publication language or status. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated SACT and CN versus SACT alone or watchful waiting. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies and extracted data. Primary outcomes were time to death from any cause and quality of life. Secondary outcomes were time to disease progression, treatment response, treatment‐related mortality, discontinuation due to adverse events, and serious adverse events. We performed statistical analyses using a random‐effects model. We rated the certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results Our search identified 10 records of four unique RCTs that informed two comparisons. In this abstract, we focus on the results for the two primary outcomes. Cytoreductive nephrectomy plus systemic anticancer therapy versus systemic anticancer therapy alone Three RCTs informed this comparison. Due to the considerable heterogeneity when pooling across these studies, we decided to present the results of the prespecified subgroup analysis by type of systemic agent. Cytoreductive nephrectomy plus interferon immunotherapy versus interferon immunotherapy alone CN plus interferon immunotherapy compared with interferon immunotherapy alone probably increases time to death from any cause (hazard ratio [HR] 0.68, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.51 to 0.89
Single or combined immune checkpoint inhibitors compared to first‐line platinum‐based chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) targeting the PD‐1/PD‐L1 axis have changed the first‐line treatment of people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Single‐agent pembrolizumab (a PD‐1 inhibitor) is currently the standard of care as monotherapy in patients with PD‐L1 expression ≥ 50%, either alone or in combination with chemotherapy when PD‐L1 expression is less than 50%. Atezolizumab (PD‐L1 inhibitor) has also been approved in combination with chemotherapy and bevacizumab (an anti‐angiogenic antibody) in first‐line NSCLC regardless of PD‐L1 expression. The combination of first‐line PD‐1/PD‐L1 inhibitors with anti‐CTLA‐4 antibodies has also been shown to improve survival compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC, particularly in people with high tumour mutational burden (TMB). The association of ipilimumab (an anti CTLA4) and nivolumab (PD‐1 inhibitor) has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in all patients with PD‐L1 expression ≥1%. Although these antibodies are currently used in clinical practice, some questions remain unanswered, such as the best‐treatment strategy, the role of different biomarkers for treatment selection and the effectiveness of immunotherapy according to specific clinical characteristics. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and safety of first‐line immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs), as monotherapy or in combination, compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy, with or without bevacizumab for people with advanced NSCLC, according to the level of PD‐L1 expression. Search methods We performed an electronic search of the main databases (Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, Embase) from inception until 31 December 2020 and conferences meetings from 2015 onwards. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting on the efficacy or safety of first‐line ICI treatment for adults with advanced NSCLC who had not previously received any anticancer treatment. We included trials comparing single‐ or double‐ICI treatment to standard first‐line therapy (platinum‐based chemotherapy +/‐ bevacizumab). All data come from ‘international multicentre studies involving adults, age 18 or over, with histologically‐confirmed stage IV NSCLC. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed the search results and a fourth review author resolved any disagreements. Primary outcomes were overall survival (OS) and progression‐free survival (PFS)
Pembrolizumab monotherapy versus chemotherapy for treatment of advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy. A Cochrane Rapid Review; Abstract - Background The use of systemic immunotherapy targets is emerging as an important treatment option for metastatic urothelial carcinoma, particularly for patients who cannot tolerate or who fail cisplatin‐based chemotherapy. One such target is the inhibition of the checkpoint protein programmed cell death‐1 (PD‐1) receptor and its ligand (PD‐L1) by monoclonal antibodies. Objectives To assess the effects of pembrolizumab monotherapy versus chemotherapy for treatment of advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Search methods We performed a Cochrane Rapid Review, limiting our search to published studies in the English language. We searched databases of the medical literature, including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and MEDLINE, as well as trial registries including ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP). Our search extended from January 2000 to June 2018. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials except cross‐over trials and cluster randomised trials. We excluded all other study designs. Participants included had locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma of the bladder, with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy (synonymous with second‐/third‐/fourth‐line therapy). This review focused on pembrolizumab (synonyms: MK‐3475, lambrolizumab, Keytruda). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently classified and abstracted data from the included study. The certainty of evidence was rated according to the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Main results We identified one randomised controlled trial that included 542 participants, which compared the use of pembrolizumab monotherapy versus chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced urothelial carcinoma with disease progression during or following platinum‐containing chemotherapy. Results were reported after a median follow‐up of 14.1 months (range 9.9 to 22.1 months). Primary outcomes Pembrolizumab probably reduces the risk of death from any cause (hazard ratio (HR) 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 0.90
Immune checkpoint inhibitors plus platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy with or without bevacizumab for first‐line treatment of older people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background Lung cancer is a cancer of the elderly, with a median age at diagnosis of 71. More than one‐third of people diagnosed with lung cancer are over 75 years old. Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) are special antibodies that target a pathway in the immune system called the programmed cell death 1/programmed cell death‐ligand 1 (PD‐1/PD‐L1) pathway. These antibodies help the immune system fight cancer cells by blocking signals that cancer cells use to avoid being attacked by the immune system. ICIs have changed the treatment of people with lung cancer. In particular, for people with previously‐untreated advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), current first‐line treatment now comprises ICIs plus platinum‐based chemotherapy, rather than platinum‐based chemotherapy alone, regardless of their PD‐L1 expression status. However, as people age, their immune system changes, becoming less effective in its T cell responses. This raises questions about how well ICIs work in older adults. Objectives To assess the effects of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in combination with platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy (with or without bevacizumab) in treatment‐naïve adults aged 65 years and older with advanced NSCLC. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Lung Cancer Group Trial Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, two other trial registers, and the websites of drug regulators. The latest search date was 23 August 2023. We also checked references and searched abstracts from the meetings of seven cancer organisations from 2019 to August 2023. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that reported on the efficacy and safety of adding ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone for people 65 years and older who had not previously been treated. All data emanated from international multicentre studies involving adults with histologically‐confirmed advanced NSCLC who had not received any previous systemic anticancer therapy for their advanced disease. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were overall survival and treatment‐related adverse events (grade 3 or higher). Our secondary outcomes were progression‐free survival, objective response rate, time to response, duration of response, and health‐related quality of life (HRQoL). Main results We included 17 primary studies, with a total of 4276 participants, in the review synthesis. We identified nine ongoing studies, and listed one study as 'awaiting classification'. Twelve of the 17 studies included people older than 75 years, accounting for 9% to 13% of their participants. We rated some studies as having 'some concerns' for risk of bias arising from the randomisation process, deviations from the intended interventions, or measurement of the outcome. The overall GRADE rating for the certainty of the evidence ranged from moderate to low because of the risk of bias, imprecision, or inconsistency. People aged 65 years and older The addition of ICIs to platinum‐based chemotherapy probably increased overall survival compared to platinum‐based chemotherapy alone (hazard ratio (HR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.88
Management of people with early‐ or very early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma; Abstract - Background Hepatocellular carcinoma (primary liver cancer) is classified in many ways. The Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer (BCLC) group staging classifies the cancer based on patient's life expectancy. People with very early‐ or early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma have single tumour or three tumours of maximum diameter of 3 cm or less, Child‐Pugh status A to B, and performance status 0 (fully functional). Management of hepatocellular carcinoma is uncertain. Objectives To assess the comparative benefits and harms of different interventions used in the treatment of early or very early hepatocellular carcinoma through a network meta‐analysis and to generate rankings of the available interventions according to their safety and efficacy. However, it was not possible to assess whether the potential effect modifiers were similar across different comparisons. Therefore, we did not perform the network meta‐analysis and instead assessed the benefits and harms of different interventions versus each other or versus sham or no intervention using standard Cochrane methodology. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Science Citation Index Expanded, and trials registers to September 2016 to identify randomised clinical trials (RCTs) on hepatocellular carcinoma. Selection criteria We included only RCTs, irrespective of language, blinding, or publication status, in participants with very early‐ or early‐stage hepatocellular carcinoma, irrespective of the presence of cirrhosis, portal hypertension, aetiology of hepatocellular carcinoma, size and number of the tumours, and future remnant liver volume. We excluded trials including participants who were previously liver transplanted. We considered interventions compared with each other, sham, or no intervention. Data collection and analysis We calculated the odds ratio, mean difference, rate ratio, or hazard ratio with 95% confidence intervals using both fixed‐effect and random‐effects models based on available‐participant analysis with Review Manager 5. We assessed the risk of bias according to Cochrane, controlled risk of random errors with Trial Sequential Analysis using Stata, and the quality of the evidence using GRADE. Main results Eighteen trials met the inclusion criteria for this review. Four trials (593 participants
Therapeutic vaccines for advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background New strategies in immunotherapy with specific antigens that trigger an anti‐tumour immune response in people with lung cancer open the possibility of developing therapeutic vaccines aimed at boosting the adaptive immune response against cancer cells. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of different types of therapeutic vaccines for people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Wanfang Data, and China Journal Net (CNKI) up to 22 August 2023. Selection criteria We included parallel‐group, randomised controlled trials evaluating a therapeutic cancer vaccine, alone or in combination with other treatments, in adults (> 18 years) with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), whatever the line of treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were overall survival, progression‐free survival, and serious adverse events
Targeted therapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Abstract - Background Several comparative randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have been performed including combinations of tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) and immune checkpoint inhibitors since the publication of a Cochrane Review on targeted therapy for metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) in 2008. This review represents an update of that original review. Objectives To assess the effects of targeted therapies for clear cell mRCC in patients naïve to systemic therapy. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search with no restrictions on language or publication status. The date of the latest search was 18 June 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials, recruiting patients with clear cell mRCC naïve to previous systemic treatment. The index intervention was any TKI‐based targeted therapy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the included studies and extracted data for the primary outcomes: progression‐free survival (PFS), overall survival (OS) and serious adverse events (SAEs)
Intravesical Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin in Ta and T1 bladder cancer; Abstract - Background Intravesical therapy with Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) aims to reduce the incidence of tumour recurrence following transurethral resection (TUR) for patients with superficial bladder cancer. Objectives The objective of this review was to compare the incidence of tumour recurrence after the standard therapy of transurethral resection versus transurethral resection plus intravesical Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (March 2000), Medline (February, 2000), EMBASE (February, 2000), Cancerlit (February, 2000), Healthstar (February, 2000), Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effectiveness (February, 2000) and the Bath Information Data Service. The Proceedings of the American Society Clinical Oncology was hand searched (1996 to 1999). Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised trials of transurethral resection alone versus transurethral resection plus intravesical Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin. Patients with Ta and T1 bladder cancer of medium or high risk of tumour recurrence, were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Four reviewers assessed trial quality and two abstracted the data independently. The Peto odds ratios and log hazard ratios were determined to compare the number of patients with disease recurrence at 12 months and the rate of recurrence, respectively. Main results Six randomised trials were included involving 585 eligible patients. There were significantly fewer patients with disease recurrence at 12 months in the BCG plus TUR group compared to those that received TUR alone (odds ratio 0.30, CI 0.21 to 0.43). The overall log hazard ratio for recurrence (‐0.83, variance 0.02) indicated a significant benefit of BCG treatment in reducing tumour recurrence. Toxicities associated with BCG consisted mainly of cystitis (67%), haematuria (23%), fever (25%) and urinary frequency (71%). No BCG‐induced deaths were reported. Authors' conclusions In patients with medium/high risk Ta or T1 bladder cancer, immunotherapy with intravesical BCG following TUR appears to provide a significant advantage over TUR alone in delaying tumour recurrence. Plain language summary Local treatment with Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin following surgery for superficial bladder cancer reduces the risk of the cancer returning. Worldwide, bladder cancer is common in both men and women. In most cases, the cancer occurs in the superficial layers of the bladder and can be surgically removed. However, in many people the cancer returns. Drugs placed directly into the bladder tissue following surgery are therefore often used to try to prevent the cancer recurring. Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) is a live attenuated bacterium used for immunization against tuberculosis, and is safe and effective for that purpose
Daclizumab for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Monoclonal antibodies such as daclizumab could be a possible alternative immunotherapy to interferon beta treatment in people with multiple sclerosis (MS). It blocks the interleukin‐2 receptor alpha subunit (CD25), and seems to be beneficial to patients with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) in clinical and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures of outcomes. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2010, and previously updated in 2012. Objectives To assess the safety of daclizumab and its efficacy to prevent clinical worsening in patients with RRMS. Search methods The Trials Search Co‐ordinator searched the Cochrane Multiple Sclerosis and Rare Diseases of the Central Nervous System Group Specialised Register (17 May 2013). We handsearched the references quoted in the identified trials and reports (May 2013) from the most important neurological associations and MS societies. We contacted researchers participating in trials on daclizumab. Selection criteria All randomised controlled clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating daclizumab, alone or combined with other treatments versus placebo, or any other treatment for patients with RRMS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed references retrieved for possible inclusion, extracted eligible data, cross‐checked the data for accuracy and assessed the methodological quality. We resolved any disagreements by consensus among review authors. Main results We included two trials with 851 patients that evaluated the efficacy and safety of daclizumab versus placebo for RRMS. We judged them to be at low risk of bias. Due to different time point evaluations and available data on primary studies, we were unable to undertake a meta‐analysis. At 24 weeks, the median change was 0 (range ‐2 to 3) in the interferon beta and placebo group, 0 (‐2 to 4) in the interferon beta and low‐dose daclizumab group and 0 (‐2 to 2) in the interferon beta and high‐dose daclizumab group in 230 participants. The proportion of patients who had new clinical relapses were the following: 16 patients (21%) in the interferon beta and high‐dose daclizumab group, 19 (24%) in the interferon beta and low‐dose daclizumab group and 19 (25%) in the interferon beta and placebo group had relapses (P value = 0.87). At 52 weeks, the changes in Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) from baseline was 0.09 ± 0.71 in placebo group, ‐0.08 ± 0.52 in low‐dose daclizumab group and 0.05 ± 0.61 in high‐dose daclizumab group in 621 participants. There was a significant difference between placebo and low‐dose daclizumab groups (P value = 0.01), but no significant difference between placebo and high‐dose daclizumab groups (P value = 0.49). The proportion of patients with new relapsing MS was significantly reduced in both daclizumab groups (19% in low‐dose daclizumab group, 20% in high‐dose daclizumab group) compared with placebo group (36%) (P value < 0.0001 and P value = 0.00032, respectively). There was no increased number of patients in any adverse events (risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 1.07) or serious adverse events in daclizumab groups compared with placebo (RR 1.15, 95% CI 0.29 to 4.54). Infections were the most frequent adverse events in treated participants and were resolved with standard therapies. One trial was still ongoing. Authors' conclusions There was insufficient evidence to determine whether daclizumab was more effective than placebo in patients affected by RRMS in terms of clinical and MRI measures of outcomes. Daclizumab appeared to be relatively well tolerated. Infections were the most frequent adverse events, and were resolved with standard therapies. Plain language summary Daclizumab, an antibody, as possible alternative therapy to interferon beta in people with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis Background Monoclonal antibodies such as daclizumab could be a possible alternative immunotherapy to interferon beta treatment in people with multiple sclerosis. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2010, and previously updated in 2012. In this review, we aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of daclizumab, alone or combined to other treatments for the improvement in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Study characteristics To test the efficacy we measured the disability changes and the proportion of patients who had new relapses, while to test the safety we took into account the number of patients who exhibited any type of adverse events. We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment group) comparing daclizumab, alone or with other treatments versus placebo (a pretend treatment). Patients were aged 18 to 65 years with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Evidence is current to May 2013. Key results We found two studies (funded by Facet Biotech/Biogen Idec and Biogen Idec/AbbVie Biotherapeutics Inc), which met our inclusion criteria, with 851 patients, both male and female, aged 18 to 65 years. The results did not provide sufficient evidence on the effectiveness of daclizumab, and further studies are needed. One study is still ongoing. Daclizumab was generally well‐tolerated, the most frequent adverse events being infections, which were all resolved with standard therapies. In order to have more clear results, the length of follow‐up (where the patients are observed and monitored following treatment) needs to be longer. Quality of the evidence We considered both studies to be of high quality.
Palliative cytoreductive surgery versus other palliative treatments in patients with unresectable liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours; Abstract - Background Neuroendocrine tumours are tumours of cells which possess secretory granules and originate from the neuroectoderm. While liver resection is generally advocated in patients with resectable liver alone metastases, the management of patients with liver metastases, which cannot be completely resected, is controversial. Objectives To determine if cytoreductive surgery is better than other palliative treatments in patients with liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours, which cannot be completely resected. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials  ( CENTRAL ) in  The Cochrane Library ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  Science Citation Index Expanded , and  LILACS  until July 2008 for identifying the randomised trials. Selection criteria Only randomised clinical trials (irrespective of language, blinding, or publication status) comparing liver resection (alone or in combination with radiofrequency ablation or cryoablation) versus other palliative treatments (chemotherapy or hormone‐therapy or immunotherapy) or no treatment in patients with liver metastases from neuroendocrine tumours, which cannot be completely resected, were considered for the review. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently identified trials for inclusion. Main results We were unable to identify any randomised clinical trial suitable for inclusion in this review. Authors' conclusions The literature provides no evidence from randomised clinical trials in order to assess the role of cytoreductive surgery in non‐resectable liver metastases from gastro‐entero‐pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours. High‐quality randomised clinical trials may become feasible to perform if their conduct and study design is thoroughly considered in all their practical and methodological aspects. Pilot randomised clinical trials, which can guide the study design of definitive randomised clinical trials, are necessary. Plain language summary No evidence for optimal management of patients with unresectable liver spread originating from intestinal hormone cells Liver metastases (liver spread) from gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumours (cancer of intestinal hormone cells which originate from the embryonic nerve cells or the embryonic outer coat) are generally treated with surgery if a complete removal is deemed possible. This is associated with a long‐term survival. However, more than four‐fifths of patients with liver metastases from neuroendocrine tumours cannot undergo resection of all metastatic disease. The treatment of such patients is controversial. Palliative removal of the liver spread (ie, leaving behind a part of the cancerous liver spread) or destroying a significant portion of the cancerous liver spread using radiofrequency waves (collectively called cytoreductive surgeries) are some of the options offering symptomatic relief and possible prolongation of survival. This Cochrane review attempted to answer the question of whether palliative cytoreductive surgery is better than other palliative treatments, but no randomised clinical trials were found, addressing this issue. High‐quality randomised clinical trials may become feasible to perform if their conduct and study design is thoroughly considered in all their practical and methodological aspects. Pilot randomised clinical trials, which can guide the study design of definitive randomised clinical trials, are necessary.
Pharmacological treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome and Landau‐Kleffner Syndrome; Abstract - Background Continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome (CSWS) and Landau‐Kleffner syndrome (LKS) are two epileptic encephalopathies that present with neurocognitive regression, aphasia, and clinical seizures, typically presenting in children around five years of age. The pathophysiology of these conditions is not completely understood. Some studies suggest a common origin for both. No systematic reviews have assessed the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for these conditions. Objectives To assess the benefit and adverse effects of pharmacological interventions for the treatment of CSWS and LKS. Search methods On 8 September 2020, we searched the Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web) and MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to September 04, 2020). We applied no language restrictions. CRS Web includes randomised or quasi‐randomised, controlled trials from CENTRAL, PubMed, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, quasi‐randomised controlled trials, and cluster‐randomised trials comparing antiepileptic drugs alone, or with steroids or intravenous immunoglobulins, or both versus other antiepileptic drugs, or placebo, or no treatment, administered to children with CSWS and LKS. We planned to compare treatments for the two conditions separately. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies identified by the search strategy for inclusion. The primary outcomes considered in this review were neuropsychological‐neurolinguistic functions. Main results Our search strategy yielded 18 references. Two review authors independently assessed all references. We did not find any completed studies to include. We identified one ongoing trial, which was terminated because of lack of enrolment. Authors' conclusions There was no evidence from trials to support or refute the use of pharmacological treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome or Landau‐Kleffner syndrome. Well‐designed randomised controlled trials are needed to inform practice. Plain language summary Pharmacological treatment for continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome and Landau‐Kleffner syndrome What was studied in the review?  Continuous spike‐wave during slow wave sleep syndrome (CSWS) is characterised by a regression of mental function and clinical seizures, and usually shows up in children around five years old. Landau‐Kleffner syndrome usually shows up in children aged three to eight years, who have previously developed normally. It is characterised by an inability to understand or express language, resulting in decreased communication skills. Treatment may include different drugs (pharmacological treatment), such as antiepileptic drugs and immunotherapies. What is the aim of this review?  The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out the benefit and adverse effects of drug treatment for CSWS and for LKS. To answer this question, we searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups
Anti‐inflammatory treatment for carditis in acute rheumatic fever; Abstract - Background Rheumatic heart disease remains an important cause of acquired heart disease in developing countries. Although prevention of rheumatic fever and management of recurrences have been well established, optimal management of active rheumatic carditis remains unclear. This is an update of a review published in 2003, and previously updated in 2009 and 2012. Objectives To assess the effects, both harmful and beneficial, of anti‐inflammatory agents such as aspirin, corticosteroids and other drugs in preventing or reducing further valvular damage in patients with acute rheumatic fever. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (2013, Issue 9 of 12), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1948 to 2013 October Week 1), EMBASE (Ovid, 1980 to 2013 Week 41) and Latin American Caribbean Health Sciences Literature (LILACS) (1982 to 17 October 2013). We last searched Index Medicus (1950 to April 2001) in 2001. We checked reference lists of identified studies and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing anti‐inflammatory agents (e.g. aspirin, steroids, immunoglobulins, pentoxifylline) versus placebo or controls, or comparing any of the anti‐inflammatory agents versus one another, in adults and children with acute rheumatic fever diagnosed according to Jones, or modified Jones, criteria. The presence of cardiac disease one year after treatment was the major outcome criterion selected. Data collection and analysis Two review authors extracted data and assessed risk of bias using the methodology outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook of Systematic Reviews of Interventions . Standard methodological procedures as expected by The Cochrane Collaboration were used. Main results No new studies were included in this update. Eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people were selected for inclusion in the review. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulin versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965
Antihistamines used in addition to topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a very common chronic illness affecting 10% to 40% of children worldwide and its prevalence among children has significantly increased over the last two decades. Prevalence and severity are related to age, with children of school age most commonly affected. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and adverse event profile of antihistamines (oral or topical) used as an adjunct to topical nasal steroids for intermittent and persistent allergic rhinitis in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Cisplatin versus carboplatin in combination with third‐generation drugs for advanced non‐small cell lung cancer; Abstract - Background Lung cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of cancer death in both sexes worldwide. Approximately 50% of those diagnosed with lung cancer will have locally advanced or metastatic disease and will be treated in a palliative setting. Platinum‐based combination chemotherapy has benefits in terms of survival and symptom control when compared with best supportive care. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of carboplatin‐based chemotherapy when compared with cisplatin‐based chemotherapy, both in combination with a third‐generation drug, in people with advanced non‐small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). To compare quality of life in people with advanced NSCLC receiving chemotherapy with cisplatin and carboplatin combined with a third‐generation drug. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL
Aerobic physical exercise for adult patients with haematological malignancies; Abstract - Background Although people with haematological malignancies have to endure long phases of therapy and immobility, which is known to diminish their physical performance level, the advice to rest and avoid intensive exercises is still common practice. This recommendation is partly due to the severe anaemia and thrombocytopenia from which many patients suffer. The inability to perform activities of daily living restricts them, diminishes their quality of life and can influence medical therapy. Objectives In this update of the original review (published in 2014) our main objective was to re‐evaluate the efficacy, safety and feasibility of aerobic physical exercise for adults suffering from haematological malignancies considering the current state of knowledge. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( t he Cochrane Library, 2018, Issue 7) and MEDLINE (1950 to July 2018) trials registries (ISRCTN, EU clinical trials register and clinicaltrials.gov) and conference proceedings. We did not apply any language restrictions. Two review authors independently screened search results, disagreements were solved by discussion. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing an aerobic physical exercise intervention, intending to improve the oxygen system, in addition to standard care with standard care only for adults suffering from haematological malignancies. We also included studies that evaluated aerobic exercise in addition to strength training. We excluded studies that investigated the effect of training programmes that were composed of yoga, tai chi chuan, qigong or similar types of exercise. We also excluded studies exploring the influence of strength training without additive aerobic exercise as well as studies assessing outcomes without any clinical impact. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened search results, extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. We used risk ratios (RRs) for adverse events, mortality and 100‐day survival, standardised mean differences (SMD) for quality of life (QoL), fatigue, and physical performance, and mean differences (MD) for anthropometric measurements. Main results In this update, nine trials could be added to the nine trials of the first version of the review, thus we included eighteen RCTs involving 1892 participants. Two of these studies (65 participants) did not provide data for our key outcomes (they analysed laboratory values only) and one study (40 patients) could not be included in the meta‐analyses, as results were presented as changes scores only and not as endpoint scores. One trial (17 patients) did not report standard errors and could also not be included in meta‐analyses. The overall potential risk of bias in the included trials is unclear, due to poor reporting. The majority of participants suffered from acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), acute myeloid leukaemia (AML), malignant lymphoma and multiple myeloma, and eight trials randomised people receiving stem cell transplantation. Mostly, the exercise intervention consisted of various walking intervention programmes with different duration and intensity levels. Our primary endpoint overall survival (OS) was only reported in one of these studies. The study authors found no evidence for a difference between both arms (RR = 0.67
Chemotherapy and radiotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer; Abstract - Background Pancreatic cancer (PC) is a highly lethal disease with few effective treatment options. Over the past few decades, many anti‐cancer therapies have been tested in the locally advanced and metastatic setting, with mixed results. This review attempts to synthesise all the randomised data available to help better inform patient and clinician decision‐making when dealing with this difficult disease. Objectives To assess the effect of chemotherapy, radiotherapy or both for first‐line treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer. Our primary outcome was overall survival, while secondary outcomes include progression‐free survival, grade 3/4 adverse events, therapy response and quality of life. Search methods We searched for published and unpublished studies in CENTRAL (searched 14 June 2017), Embase (1980 to 14 June 2017), MEDLINE (1946 to 14 June 2017) and CANCERLIT (1999 to 2002) databases. We also handsearched all relevant conference abstracts published up until 14 June 2017. Selection criteria All randomised studies assessing overall survival outcomes in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Chemotherapy and radiotherapy, alone or in combination, were the eligible treatments. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently analysed studies, and a third settled any disputes. We extracted data on overall survival (OS), progression‐free survival (PFS), response rates, adverse events (AEs) and quality of life (QoL), and we assessed risk of bias for each study. Main results We included 42 studies addressing chemotherapy in 9463 patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. We did not identify any eligible studies on radiotherapy. We did not find any benefit for chemotherapy over best supportive care. However, two identified studies did not have sufficient data to be included in the analysis, and many of the chemotherapy regimens studied were outdated. Compared to gemcitabine alone, participants receiving 5FU had worse OS (HR 1.69, 95% CI 1.26 to 2.27, moderate‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.92) and QoL. On the other hand, two studies showed FOLFIRINOX was better than gemcitabine for OS (HR 0.51 95% CI 0.43 to 0.60, moderate‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 0.46, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.57) and response rates (RR 3.38, 95% CI 2.01 to 5.65), but it increased the rate of side effects. The studies evaluating CO‐101, ZD9331 and exatecan did not show benefit or harm when compared with gemcitabine alone. Giving gemcitabine at a fixed dose rate improved OS (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.94, high‐quality evidence) but increased the rate of side effects when compared with bolus dosing. When comparing gemcitabine combinations to gemcitabine alone, gemcitabine plus platinum improved PFS (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.68 to 0.95) and response rates (RR 1.48, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.98) but not OS (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.08, low‐quality evidence). The rate of side effects increased. Gemcitabine plus fluoropyrimidine improved OS (HR 0.88, 95% CI 0.81 to 0.95), PFS (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.87) and response rates (RR 1.78, 95% CI 1.29 to 2.47, high‐quality evidence), but it also increased side effects. Gemcitabine plus topoisomerase inhibitor did not improve survival outcomes but did increase toxicity. One study demonstrated that gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel improved OS (HR 0.72, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.84, high‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 0.69, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.82) and response rates (RR 3.29, 95% CI 2.24 to 4.84) but increased side effects. Gemcitabine‐containing multi‐drug combinations (GEMOXEL or cisplatin/epirubicin/5FU/gemcitabine) improved OS (HR 0.55, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.79, low‐quality evidence), PFS (HR 0.43, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.62) and QOL. We did not find any survival advantages when comparing 5FU combinations to 5FU alone. Authors' conclusions Combination chemotherapy has recently overtaken the long‐standing gemcitabine as the standard of care. FOLFIRINOX and gemcitabine plus nab‐paclitaxel are highly efficacious, but our analysis shows that other combination regimens also offer a benefit. Selection of the most appropriate chemotherapy for individual patients still remains difficult, with clinicopathological stratification remaining elusive. Biomarker development is essential to help rationalise treatment selection for patients. Plain language summary The effects of anti‐cancer therapies on advanced pancreatic cancer Review question This review aimed to answer the question, which therapies are the most effective for advanced pancreatic cancer? Background Pancreatic cancer (PC) is a serious, often fatal disease, and many people are not diagnosed until they have advanced tumours that cannot be removed with surgery. Symptoms include abdominal pain, weight loss, and yellowing of the skin and eyes. Up until recently, gemcitabine was the standard drug for treating advanced pancreatic cancer, but this gave people only a modest benefit. Study characteristics We looked for all studies in people with pancreatic cancer that could not be operated on (locally advanced) or that had already spread beyond the pancreas (metastatic). We found 42 clinical studies involving 9463 participants who were receiving their first therapy for PC. Our search is current to June 2017. The studies compared one therapy against either best supportive care (symptom management only) or another type of therapy. Studies had to evaluate overall survival (or time to death). The study could be testing either chemotherapy (drugs that kill or slow the growth of cancer cells) or radiotherapy (X‐ray treatment). We collected data on survival, tumour response rate, side effects and quality of life. The results of clinical studies addressing targeted/biological therapies, immunotherapies, second‐line therapies and local treatments for locally advanced disease will be reported in a separate Cochrane Review. Key results This review has shown that in advanced disease, combination chemotherapy with FOLFIRINOX (5‐fluorouracil, irinotecan, oxaliplatin combination)
Nasal saline irrigations for the symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis; Reason for withdrawal from publication Review withdrawn from Issue 4, 2016. Review replaced by 'Saline irrigation for chronic rhinosinusitis' (Chong 2016). The editorial group responsible for this previously published document have withdrawn it from publication.
Exercise interventions for adults with cancer receiving radiation therapy alone; Abstract - Background Radiation therapy (RT) is given to about half of all people with cancer. RT alone is used to treat various cancers at different stages. Although it is a local treatment, systemic symptoms may occur. Cancer‐ or treatment‐related side effects can lead to a reduction in physical activity, physical performance, and quality of life (QoL). The literature suggests that physical exercise can reduce the risk of various side effects of cancer and cancer treatments, cancer‐specific mortality, recurrence of cancer, and all‐cause mortality. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of exercise plus standard care compared with standard care alone in adults with cancer receiving RT alone. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Ovid), CINAHL, conference proceedings and trial registries up to 26 October 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled people who were receiving RT without adjuvant systemic treatment for any type or stage of cancer. We considered any type of exercise intervention, defined as a planned, structured, repetitive, objective‐oriented physical activity programme in addition to standard care. We excluded exercise interventions that involved physiotherapy alone, relaxation programmes, and multimodal approaches that combined exercise with other non‐standard interventions such as nutritional restriction. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology and the GRADE approach for assessing the certainty of the evidence. Our primary outcome was fatigue and the secondary outcomes were QoL, physical performance, psychosocial effects, overall survival, return to work, anthropometric measurements, and adverse events. Main results Database searching identified 5875 records, of which 430 were duplicates. We excluded 5324 records and the remaining 121 references were assessed for eligibility. We included three two‐arm RCTs with 130 participants. Cancer types were breast and prostate cancer. Both treatment groups received the same standard care, but the exercise groups also participated in supervised exercise programmes several times per week while undergoing RT. Exercise interventions included warm‐up, treadmill walking (in addition to cycling and stretching and strengthening exercises in one study), and cool‐down. In some analysed endpoints (fatigue, physical performance, QoL), there were baseline differences between exercise and control groups. We were unable to pool the results of the different studies owing to substantial clinical heterogeneity. All three studies measured fatigue. Our analyses, presented below, showed that exercise may reduce fatigue (positive SMD values signify less fatigue
Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin for relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer; Abstract - Background Cancer of ovarian, fallopian tube and peritoneal origin, referred to collectively as ovarian cancer, is the eighth most common cancer in women and is often diagnosed at an advanced stage. Women with relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) are less well and have a limited life expectancy, therefore maintaining quality of life with effective symptom control is an important aim of treatment. However, the unwanted effects of chemotherapy agents may be severe, and optimal treatment regimens are unclear. Pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD), which contains a cytotoxic drug called doxorubicin hydrochloride, is one of several treatment modalities that may be considered for treatment of relapsed EOCs. This is an update of the original Cochrane Review which was published in Issue 7, 2013. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of PLD, with or without other anti‐cancer drugs, in women with relapsed high grade epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE (via Ovid) and Embase (via Ovid) from 1990 to January 2022. We also searched online registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings and reference lists of included studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated PLD in women diagnosed with relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data to a pre‐designed data collection form and assessed the risk of bias according to the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions  guidelines. Where possible, we pooled collected data in meta‐analyses. Main results This is an update of a previous review with 12 additional studies, so this updated review includes a total of 26 RCTs with 8277 participants that evaluated the effects of PLD alone or in combination with other drugs in recurrent EOC: seven in platinum‐sensitive disease (2872 participants)
Maintenance therapy for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; Abstract - Background Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) is the most common lymphoproliferative disease in adults and currently remains incurable. As the progression‐free period shortens after each successive treatment, strategies such as maintenance therapy are needed to improve the degree and duration of response to previous therapies. Monoclonal antibodies, immunomodulatory agents, and targeted therapies are among the available options for maintenance therapy. People with CLL who achieve remission after previous therapy may choose to undergo medical observation or maintenance therapy to deepen the response. Even though there is widespread use of therapeutic maintenance agents, the benefits and harms of these treatments are still uncertain. Objectives To assess the effects and safety of maintenance therapy, including anti‐CD20 monoclonal antibody, immunomodulatory drug therapy, anti‐CD52 monoclonal antibody, Bruton tyrosine kinase inhibitor, and B‐cell lymphoma‐2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor, for individuals with CLL. Search methods We conducted a comprehensive literature search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with no language or publication status restrictions. We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and three trials registers in January 2022 together with reference checking, citation searching, and contact with study authors to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included RCTs with prospective identification of participants. We excluded cluster‐randomised trials, cross‐over trial designs, and non‐randomised studies. We included studies comparing maintenance therapies with placebo/observation or head‐to‐head comparisons. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies using Cochrane's RoB 1 tool for RCTs. We rated the certainty of evidence for the following outcomes using the GRADE approach: overall survival (OS), health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), grade 3 and 4 adverse events (AEs), progression‐free survival (PFS), treatment‐related mortality (TRM), treatment discontinuation (TD), and all adverse events (AEs). Main results We identified 11 RCTs (2393 participants) that met the inclusion criteria, including seven trials comparing anti‐CD20 monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) (rituximab or ofatumumab) with observation in 1679 participants
Biologics for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This living systematic review is one of several Cochrane Reviews evaluating the medical management of patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common. It is characterised by inflammation of the nasal and sinus linings, nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. It occurs with or without nasal polyps.   'Biologics' are medicinal products produced by a biological process. Monoclonal antibodies are one type, already evaluated in other inflammatory conditions (e.g. asthma and atopic dermatitis). Objectives To assess the effects of biologics for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register
Functional endoscopic balloon dilation of sinus ostia for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background Dilation of sinus ostia using a high‐pressure balloon has been introduced as a treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) refractory to medical treatment. The efficacy of this technology, however, has not been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of balloon sinus ostial dilation as a treatment for patients suffering with CRS refractory to medical treatment. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Topical and systemic antifungal therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review adds to a series of reviews looking at primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Antifungals have been suggested as a treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic and topical antifungal agents in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis, including those with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) and, if possible, AFRS exclusively. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register
Short‐course oral steroids as an adjunct therapy for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of a suite of six Cochrane reviews looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition involving inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses. It is characterised by nasal blockage and nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Oral corticosteroids are used to control the inflammatory response and improve symptoms. Objectives To assess the effects of a short course of oral corticosteroids as an adjunct ('add‐on') therapy in people with chronic rhinosinusitis who are already on standard treatments. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register
Short‐course oral steroids alone for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of a suite of six Cochrane reviews looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is a common condition involving inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses. It is characterised by nasal blockage and nasal discharge, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. Oral corticosteroids are used to control the inflammatory response and improve symptoms. Objectives To assess the effects of oral corticosteroids compared with placebo/no intervention or other pharmacological interventions (intranasal corticosteroids, antibiotics, antifungals) for chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register
Capsaicin for non‐allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background There are many forms of rhinitis. Patients are diagnosed with non‐allergic rhinitis when anatomic, infectious and allergic aetiologies have been excluded. The symptoms, including nasal congestion, blockage or obstruction, clear rhinorrhoea, sneezing and, less frequently, nasal itching, can range from mild to debilitating. It affects between 25% and 50% of patients with rhinitis. Several medications are widely used in the treatment of non‐allergic rhinitis, including oral and topical nasal antihistamines, intranasal and (rarely) systemic corticosteroids, and anticholinergics. Capsaicin, the active component of chili peppers, delivered intranasally, is considered a treatment option for non‐allergic rhinitis. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of capsaicin in the management of non‐allergic rhinitis compared with no therapy, placebo or other topical or systemic medications, or two or more of the above therapies in combination, or different capsaicin regimens. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Antibiotics versus placebo for acute bacterial conjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Acute bacterial conjunctivitis is an infection of the conjunctiva and is one of the most common ocular disorders in primary care. Antibiotics are generally prescribed on the basis that they may speed recovery, reduce persistence, and prevent keratitis. However, many cases of acute bacterial conjunctivitis are self‐limited, resolving without antibiotic therapy. This Cochrane Review was first published in  The Cochrane Library  in 1999, then updated in 2006, 2012, and 2022. Objectives To assess the benefits and side effects of antibiotic therapy in the management of acute bacterial conjunctivitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) ( The Cochrane Library  2022, Issue 5), MEDLINE (January 1950 to May 2022), Embase (January 1980 to May 2022), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled-trials.com ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ), and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases in May 2022.   Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in which any form of antibiotic treatment, with or without steroid, had been compared with placebo/vehicle in the management of acute bacterial conjunctivitis. This included topical and systemic antibiotic treatments. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently reviewed the titles and abstracts of identified studies. We assessed the full text of all potentially relevant studies and determined the included RCTs, which were further assessed for risk of bias using Cochrane methodology. We performed data extraction in a standardized manner and conducted random‐effects meta‐analyses using RevMan Web. Main results We included 21 eligible RCTs, 10 of which were newly identified in this update. A total of 8805 participants were randomized. All treatments were topical in the form of drops or ointment. The trials were heterogeneous in terms of their eligibility criteria, the nature of the intervention (antibiotic drug class, which included fluoroquinolones [FQs] and non‐FQs
Topical pharmacologic interventions versus placebo for epidemic keratoconjunctivitis; Abstract - Background Viruses cause about 80% of all cases of acute conjunctivitis. Human adenoviruses are believed to account for 65% to 90% of cases of viral conjunctivitis, or 20% to 75% of all causes of infectious keratoconjunctivitis worldwide. Epidemic keratoconjunctivitis (EKC) is a highly contagious subset of adenoviral conjunctivitis that has been associated with large outbreaks at military installations and at medical facilities. It is accompanied by severe conjunctival inflammation, watery discharge, and light sensitivity, and can lead to chronic complications such as corneal and conjunctival scarring with discomfort and poor quality of vision. Due to a lack of consensus on the efficacy of any pharmacotherapy to alter the clinical course of EKC, no standard of care exists, therefore many clinicians offer only supportive care. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of topical pharmacological therapies versus placebo, an active control, or no treatment for adults with EKC. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register
Medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis in cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Chronic rhinosinusitis frequently occurs in people with cystic fibrosis. Several medical interventions are available for treating chronic rhinosinusitis in people with cystic fibrosis
Functional endoscopic sinus surgery for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 3, 2006. Rhinosinusitis is a well‐recognised clinical syndrome affecting patients of all ages and gender. Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) has now become a well‐established strategy, comprising several techniques, for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis refractory to medical treatment. Objectives The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of FESS as a treatment for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Surgical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps; Abstract - Background Surgical treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps is an established treatment for medically resistant nasal polyp disease. Whether a nasal polypectomy with additional sinus dissection offers any advantage over an isolated nasal polypectomy has not been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of simple polyp surgery versus more extensive surgical clearance in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Surgical versus medical interventions for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps; Abstract - Background Nasal polyps cause nasal obstruction, discharge and reduction in or loss of sense of smell, but their aetiology is unknown. The management of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, aimed at improving these symptoms, includes both surgical and medical treatments, but there is no universally accepted management protocol. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of endonasal/endoscopic surgery versus medical treatment in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Intranasal steroids versus placebo or no intervention for chronic rhinosinusitis; Abstract - Background This review is one of six looking at the primary medical management options for patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. Chronic rhinosinusitis is common and is characterised by inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses leading to nasal blockage, rhinorrhoea, facial pressure/pain and loss of sense of smell. The condition can occur with or without nasal polyps. The use of topical (intranasal) corticosteroids has been widely advocated for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis given the belief that inflammation is a major component of this condition. Objectives To assess the effects of intranasal corticosteroids in people with chronic rhinosinusitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register
Steroid‐eluting sinus stents for improving symptoms in chronic rhinosinusitis patients undergoing functional endoscopic sinus surgery; Abstract - Background Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) has become a well‐established approach for treating patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) refractory to medical management. However, the surgical outcome may be compromised by postoperative inflammation, polyposis and adhesions, which often require subsequent intervention. Bioabsorbable, steroid‐eluting sinus stents are inserted into the nose, sinuses or both following surgery to prevent stenosis of the sinus openings during the postoperative healing period. The slow release of corticosteroid aims to decrease mucosal oedema and expedite wound healing. Whether a steroid‐eluting stent offers any beneficial effects in terms of improving sinonasal symptoms has not been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the safety and efficacy of steroid‐eluting sinus stent placement in CRS patients after FESS. Search methods The Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group (CENTDG) Trials Search Co‐ordinator searched the CENTDG Trials Register
House dust mite avoidance measures for perennial allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 4, 2001 and previously updated in 2003 and 2007. It is estimated that in developed countries approximately 30% of the general population suffer from one or more allergic disorders, of which allergic rhinitis is particularly common. Perennial rhinitis is most often due to allergy to the house dust mite. In such patients house dust mite avoidance is logical, but there is considerable uncertainty regarding the efficacy and effectiveness of interventions designed to reduce dust mite exposure. Objectives To assess the benefit (and harm) of measures designed to reduce house dust mite exposure in the management of house dust mite sensitive allergic rhinitis. Search methods Our search included the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials Register (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 4, 2009), MEDLINE and EMBASE. The date of the last search was 31 December 2009. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, with or without blinding, in which house dust mite control measures have been evaluated in comparison with placebo or other dust mite avoidance measures, in patients with clinician‐diagnosed allergic rhinitis and confirmed allergy to dust mite. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened titles and abstracts, graded methodological quality using the Cochrane approach and extracted data. Meta‐analysis was neither possible nor appropriate due to heterogeneity of the patient groups studied. Main results Nine trials involving 501 participants satisfied the inclusion criteria. Only two studies investigating the effectiveness of mite impermeable bedding covers were of good quality
Infant formulas containing hydrolysed protein for prevention of allergic disease; Abstract - Background Infant formulas containing hydrolysed proteins have been widely advocated for preventing allergic disease in infants, in place of standard cow’s milk formula (CMF). However, it is unclear whether the clinical trial evidence supports this. Objectives To compare effects on allergic disease when infants are fed a hydrolysed formula versus CMF or human breast milk. If hydrolysed formulas are effective, to determine what type of hydrolysed formula is most effective, including extensively or partially hydrolysed formula (EHF/PHF). To determine whether infants at low or high risk of allergic disease, and whether infants receiving early short‐term (first few days after birth) or prolonged formula feeding benefit from hydrolysed formulas. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2017, Issue 11), MEDLINE (1948 to 3 November 2017), and Embase (1974 to 3 November 2017). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles and previous reviews for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria We searched for randomised and quasi‐randomised trials that compared use of a hydrolysed formula versus human milk or CMF. Outcomes with ≥ 80% follow‐up of participants from eligible trials were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials, assessed trial quality and extracted data from the included studies. Fixed‐effect analyses were performed. The treatment effects were expressed as risk ratio (RR) and risk difference (RD) with 95% confidence intervals and quality of evidence using the GRADE quality of evidence approach. The primary outcome was all allergic disease (including asthma, atopic dermatitis, allergic rhinitis and food allergy). Main results A total of 16 studies were included. Two studies assessed the effect of three to four days infant supplementation with an EHF while in hospital after birth versus pasteurised human milk feed. A single study enrolling 90 infants reported no difference in all allergic disease (RR 1.43, 95% CI 0.38 to 5.37) or any specific allergic disease up to childhood including cow's milk allergy (CMA) (RR 7.11, 95% CI 0.35 to 143.84). A single study reported no difference in infant CMA (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.46
Environmental sanitary interventions for preventing active trachoma; Abstract - Background Trachoma is a major cause of avoidable blindness. It is responsible for about six million blind people worldwide, mostly in the poor communities of developing countries. One of the major strategies advocated for the control of the disease is the application of various environmental sanitary measures to such communities. Objectives To assess the evidence for the effectiveness of environmental sanitary measures on the prevalence of active trachoma in endemic areas. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 9), MEDLINE (January 1950 to September 2011), EMBASE (January 1980 to September 2011), Latin American and Caribbean Literature on Health Sciences (LILACS) (January 1982 to September 2011), the  meta Register of Controlled Trials ( m RCT) ( www.controlled‐trials.com ) and ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ). There were no date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. The electronic databases were last searched on 23 September 2011. We checked the reference list of included trials and the Science Citation Index. We also contacted agencies, experts and researchers in trachoma control. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing any form of environmental hygiene measures with no measure. These hygiene measures included fly control, provision of water and health education. Participants in the trials were people normally resident in the trachoma endemic areas. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of the included trials. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Six trials met the inclusion criteria but we did not conduct meta‐analysis due to heterogeneity of the studies. Main results We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticide spray to be effective in reducing trachoma. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced trachoma by 29.5% compared to no intervention
Maternal glucose administration for facilitating tests of fetal wellbeing; Abstract - Background Antenatal maternal glucose administration has been suggested to improve the efficiency of antepartum fetal heart rate testing. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the merits or adverse effects of antenatal maternal glucose administration in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (6 July 2012). Selection criteria All published and unpublished randomized controlled trials assessing the merits of antenatal maternal (oral or intravenous) glucose administration in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Data collection and analysis Both review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Authors of published and unpublished trials were contacted for further information. Main results A total of two trials, involving 708 participants, were included. Antenatal maternal glucose administration did not decrease the incidence of non‐reactive antenatal cardiotocography tests. Authors' conclusions Antenatal maternal glucose administration has not been shown to reduce non‐reactive cardiotocography. More trials are needed to further substantiate this and to determine not only the optimum dose, but also to evaluate the efficacy, predictive reliability, safety and perinatal outcome of glucose administration in conjunction with cardiotocography and also other tests of fetal wellbeing. Plain language summary Maternal glucose administration for facilitating tests of fetal wellbeing There is no evidence that antenatal maternal glucose administration make tests of fetal wellbeing more effective. Tests on unborn babies such as ultrasound and heart rate testing are carried out to check their wellbeing. As a baby's sleep periods can alter those results, various methods are used to wake the baby. Antenatal maternal glucose administration is one of the methods. The review of two trials, involving 708 participants, did not find this method to be effective. Research on antenatal maternal glucose administration should take into consideration that there have not been any benefits demonstrated as yet.
Fluoroquinolones for treating typhoid and paratyphoid fever (enteric fever); Abstract - Background Typhoid and paratyphoid are febrile illnesses, due to a bacterial infection, which remain common in many low‐ and middle‐income countries. The World Health Organization (WHO) currently recommends the fluoroquinolone antibiotics in areas with known resistance to the older first‐line antibiotics. Objectives To evaluate fluoroquinolone antibiotics for treating children and adults with enteric fever. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Infectious Disease Group Specialized Register (February 2011)
Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation for facilitation of tests of fetal wellbeing; Abstract - Background Acoustic stimulation of the fetus has been suggested to improve the efficiency of antepartum fetal heart rate testing. Objectives To assess the advantages and disadvantages of the use of fetal vibroacoustic stimulation in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2013). Selection criteria All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials assessing the merits of the use of fetal vibroacoustic stimulation in conjunction with tests of fetal wellbeing. Data collection and analysis All review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Authors of published and unpublished trials were contacted for further information. Main results Altogether 12 trials with a total of 6822 participants were included. Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation reduced the incidence of non‐reactive antenatal cardiotocography test (nine trials
Vaccines for preventing typhoid fever; Abstract - Background Typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever continue to be important causes of illness and death, particularly among children and adolescents in south‐central and southeast Asia. Two typhoid vaccines are widely available, Ty21a (oral) and Vi polysaccharide (parenteral). Newer typhoid conjugate vaccines are at varying stages of development and use. The World Health Organization has recently recommended a Vi tetanus toxoid (Vi‐TT) conjugate vaccine, Typbar‐TCV, as the preferred vaccine for all ages. Objectives To assess the effects of vaccines for preventing typhoid fever. Search methods In February 2018, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, and  m RCT. We also searched the reference lists of all included trials. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing typhoid fever vaccines with other typhoid fever vaccines or with an inactive agent (placebo or vaccine for a different disease) in adults and children. Human challenge studies were not eligible. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied inclusion criteria and extracted data, and assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. We computed vaccine efficacy per year of follow‐up and cumulative three‐year efficacy, stratifying for vaccine type and dose. The outcome addressed was typhoid fever, defined as isolation of  Salmonella enterica  serovar Typhi in blood. We calculated risk ratios (RRs) and efficacy (1 − RR as a percentage) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Main results In total, 18 RCTs contributed to the quantitative analysis in this review: 13 evaluated efficacy (Ty21a: 5 trials
G‐CSF and GM‐CSF for treating or preventing neonatal infections; Abstract - Background The colony stimulating factors (CSFs), granulocyte‐macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM‐CSF) and granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G‐CSF), are naturally occurring cytokines that stimulate the production and antibacterial function of neutrophils and monocytes. Two strategies have been adopted for exploring whether CSFs can provide clinical benefit for preterm infants. The first has investigated their use as a treatment to improve outcome in established systemic infection, especially when complicated by a low neutrophil count. The alternative strategy has been to use CSFs prophylactically, to prevent sepsis prospectively through stimulation of neutrophil production and bactericidal function. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of the haemopoietic colony stimulating factors (G‐CSF or GM‐CSF) in newborn infants, when used for:   a) treatment of suspected or proven systemic infection to reduce mortality, or   b) prophylaxis, to prevent systemic infection in infants at high risk of nosocomial infection.   To determine, in subgroup analysis, the influence of pre‐existing or high risk of neutropenia on the outcome of therapy. Search methods PubMed, EMBASE, MEDLINE and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library, Issue 2, 2003) were searched in April 2003 using the keywords: G‐CSF, GM‐CSF, infant newborn, with and without the limit Clinical Trial. In addition, reference lists of identified RCTs, meta‐analyses and personal files were searched. Selection criteria The criteria used to select studies for inclusion were:   Design: RCT.   Subjects: Newborn infants in intensive care.   Interventions: G‐CSF or GM‐CSF given as treatment in conjunction with antibiotics for suspected or microbiologically proven systemic infection. G‐CSF or GM‐CSF given as prophylaxis with the aim of reducing the incidence of systemic infection.   Outcomes: Treatment studies reporting all cause mortality. Prophylaxis studies reporting subsequent incidence of sepsis and / or mortality. Data collection and analysis Relative risks (RR) and risk differences (RD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) using the fixed effect model are reported. Number needed to treat (NNT) was calculated for the outcomes that showed a statistically significant reduction in RR. Main results Seven treatment studies of 257 infants with suspected systemic bacterial infection and three prophylaxis studies comprising 359 neonates are analysed.     Treatment studies: There is no evidence that the addition of G‐CSF or GM‐CSF to antibiotic therapy in preterm infants with suspected systemic infection reduces immediate all cause mortality. No significant survival advantage was seen at 14 days from the start of therapy [typical RR 0.71 (95% CI 0.38,1.33)
Maternal prenatal and/or postnatal n‐3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) supplementation for preventing allergies in early childhood; Abstract - Background Allergies have become more prevalent globally over the last 20 years. Dietary consumption of n‐3 (or omega 3) long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) has declined over the same period of time. This, together with the known role of n‐3 LCPUFA in inhibiting inflammation, has resulted in speculation that n‐3 LCPUFA may prevent allergy development. Dietary n‐3 fatty acids supplements may change the developing immune system of the newborn before allergic responses are established, particularly for those with a genetic predisposition to the production of the immunoglobulin E (IgE) antibody. Individuals with IgE‐mediated allergies have both the signs and symptoms of the allergic disease and a positive skin prick test (SPT) to the allergen. Objectives To assess the effect of n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation in pregnant and/or breastfeeding women on allergy outcomes (food allergy, atopic dermatitis (eczema), allergic rhinitis (hay fever) and asthma/wheeze) in their children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group’s Trials Register (6 August 2014), PubMed (1966 to 01 August 2014), CINAHL via EBSCOhost (1984 to 01 August 2014), Scopus (1995 to 01 August 2014), Web of Knowledge (1864 to 01 August 2014) and  ClinicalTrials.gov  (01 August 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effect of n‐3 LCPUFA supplementation of pregnant and/or lactating women (compared with placebo or no treatment) on allergy outcomes of the infants or children. Trials using a cross‐over design and trials examining biochemical outcomes only were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed eligibility and trial quality and performed data extraction. Where the review authors were also investigators on trials selected, an independent reviewer assessed trial quality and performed data extraction. Main results Eight trials involving 3366 women and their 3175 children were included in the review. In these trials, women were supplemented with n‐3 LCPUFA during pregnancy (five trials), lactation (two trials) or both pregnancy and lactation (one trial). All trials randomly allocated women to either a n‐3 LCPUFA supplement or a control group. The risk of bias varied across the eight included trials in this review with only two trials with a low risk of selection, performance and attrition bias. N‐3 LCPUFA supplementation showed a clear reduction in the primary outcome of any allergy (medically diagnosed IgE mediated) in children aged 12 to 36 months (risk ratio (RR) 0.66, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.44 to 0.98
Ribavirin for treating Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever; Abstract - Background Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF) is a tick‐borne disease that occurs in parts of Asia, Europe and Africa. Since 2000 the infection has caused epidemics in Turkey, Iran, Russia, Uganda and Pakistan. Good‐quality general supportive medical care helps reduce mortality. There is uncertainty and controversy about treating CCHF with the antiviral drug ribavirin. Objectives To assess the effects of ribavirin for treating people with Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register
Penicillin for secondary prevention of rheumatic fever; Abstract - Background People with a history of rheumatic fever are at high risk of recurrent attacks of rheumatic fever and developing rheumatic heart disease following a streptococcal throat infection. Giving penicillin to these people can prevent recurrent attacks of rheumatic fever and subsequent rheumatic heart disease. However, there is no agreement on the most effective method of giving penicillin. Objectives To assess the effects of penicillin compared to placebo and the effects of different penicillin regimens and formulations for preventing streptococcal infection and rheumatic fever recurrence. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 2, 2009), MEDLINE (1997 to June 2009), EMBASE (1998 to June 2009), LILACs (1980 to June 2009) and reference lists of articles. We contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised studies comparing (i) penicillin with control, (ii) oral with intramuscular penicillin (iii) 2‐ or 3‐weekly with 4‐weekly intramuscular penicillin in patients with previous rheumatic fever. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results Nine studies were included (n=3008). Data were not pooled because of heterogeneity. Overall, the methodological quality of included studies was poor. Three trials (n= 1301) compared penicillin with control. Only one of three studies showed that penicillin reduced rheumatic fever recurrence (RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.92) and streptococcal throat infection (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.97). Four trials (n=1098) compared intramuscular with oral penicillin and all showed that intramuscular penicillin reduced rheumatic fever recurrence and streptococcal throat infections compared to oral penicillin. One trial (n= 360) compared 2‐weekly with 4‐weekly intramuscular penicillin. Penicillin given every two‐weeks was better at reducing rheumatic fever recurrence (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.83) and streptococcal throat infections (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.85). One trial (n= 249) showed 3‐weekly intramuscular penicillin injections reduced streptococcal throat infections (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.92) compared to 4‐weekly intramuscular penicillin. Authors' conclusions Intramuscular penicillin seemed to be more effective than oral penicillin in preventing rheumatic fever recurrence and streptococcal throat infections. Two‐weekly or 3‐weekly injections appeared to be more effective than 4‐weekly injections. However, the evidence is based on poor quality of trials. Plain language summary Penicillin reduces the risk of streptococcal throat infections and attacks of rheumatic fever in people who have already had a bout of rheumatic fever Rheumatic fever is a rare complication of throat infection, that can damage the heart. People who have had rheumatic fever can suffer from it again following streptococcal throat infection if they do not receive regular penicillin. Penicillin for prevention can be given by injection or as tablets. Taking tablets is easier but might not work as well as injections. The review of trials compared different ways of giving penicillin. Penicillin seemed to work better as injections than as tablets. Injections given every two or three weeks worked better than when given every four weeks. However, more research is needed.
Oestrogen therapy for treating pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women; Abstract - Background Pelvic organ prolapse (POP) is the descent of a woman's uterus, bladder, or rectum into the vagina. It affects 50% of women over 50 years old who have given birth to at least one child, and recognised risk factors are older age, higher number of births, and higher body mass index. This review assesses the effects of oestrogen therapy, alone or in combination with other treatments, on POP in postmenopausal women. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of local and systemic oestrogen therapy in the management of pelvic organ prolapse symptoms in postmenopausal women, and to summarise the principal findings of relevant economic evaluations. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Specialised Register (up to 20 June 2022), which includes CENTRAL, MEDLINE, two trials registers, and handsearching of journals and conference proceedings. We also checked the reference lists of relevant articles for additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐RCTs, multi‐arm RCTs, and cross‐over RCTs that evaluated the effects of oestrogen therapy (alone or in combination with other treatments) versus placebo, no treatment, or other interventions in postmenopausal women with any grade of POP. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data from the included trials using prespecified outcome measures and a piloted extraction form. The same review authors independently assessed the risk of bias of eligible trials using Cochrane's risk of bias tool. Had data allowed, we would have created summary of findings tables for our main outcome measures and assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We identified 14 studies including a total of 1002 women. In general, studies were at high risk of bias in terms of blinding of participants and personnel, and there were also some concerns about selective reporting. Owing to insufficient data for the outcomes of interest, we were unable to perform our planned subgroup analyses (systemic versus topical oestrogen, parous versus nulliparous women, women with versus without a uterus). No studies assessed the effects of oestrogen therapy alone versus no treatment, placebo, pelvic floor muscle training, devices such as vaginal pessaries, or surgery. However, we did identify three studies that assessed oestrogen therapy in conjunction with vaginal pessaries versus vaginal pessaries alone and 11 studies that assessed oestrogen therapy in conjunction with surgery versus surgery alone. Authors' conclusions There was insufficient evidence from RCTs to draw any solid conclusions on the benefits or harms of oestrogen therapy for managing POP symptoms in postmenopausal women. Topical oestrogen in conjunction with pessaries was associated with fewer adverse vaginal events compared with pessaries alone, and topical oestrogen in conjunction with surgery was associated with reduced postoperative urinary tract infections compared with surgery alone
Saline nasal irrigation for acute upper respiratory tract infections; Abstract - Background Acute upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs), including the common cold and rhinosinusitis, are common afflictions that cause discomfort and debilitation and contribute significantly to workplace absenteeism. Treatment is generally by antipyretic and decongestant drugs and sometimes antibiotics, even though most infections are viral. Nasal irrigation with saline is often employed as an adjunct treatment for URTI symptoms despite a relative lack of evidence for benefit in this clinical setting. This review is an update of the Cochrane review by Kassel et al, which found that saline was probably effective in reducing the severity of some symptoms associated with acute URTIs. Objectives To assess the effects of saline nasal irrigation for treating the symptoms of acute URTIs. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 7), MEDLINE (1966 to July week 5, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to August 2014), CINAHL (1982 to August 2014), AMED (1985 to August 2014) and LILACS (1982 to August 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing topical nasal saline treatment to other interventions in adults and children with clinically diagnosed acute URTIs. Data collection and analysis Two review authors (DK, BM) independently assessed trial quality with the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool and extracted data. We analysed all data using the Cochrane Review Manager software. Due to the large variability of outcome measures only a small number of outcomes could be pooled for statistical analysis. Main results We identified five RCTs that randomised 544 children (three studies) and 205 adults (exclusively from two studies). They all compared saline irrigation to routine care or other nose sprays, rather than placebo. We included two new trials in this update, which did not contribute data of sufficient size or quality to materially change the original findings. Most trials were small and we judged them to be of low quality, contributing to an unclear risk of bias. Most outcome measures differed greatly between included studies and therefore could not be pooled. Most results showed no difference between nasal saline treatment and control. However, one larger trial, conducted with children, did show a significant reduction in nasal secretion score (mean difference (MD) ‐0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.48 to ‐0.14) and nasal breathing (obstruction) score (MD ‐0.33, 95% CI ‐0.47 to ‐0.19) in the saline group. However, a MD of ‐0.33 on a four‐point symptom scale may have minimal clinical significance. The trial also showed a significant reduction in the use of decongestant medication by the saline group. Minor nasal discomfort and/or irritation was the only side effect reported by a minority of participants. Authors' conclusions Nasal saline irrigation possibly has benefits for relieving the symptoms of acute URTIs. However, the included trials were generally too small and had a high risk of bias, reducing confidence in the evidence supporting this. Future trials should involve larger numbers of participants and report standardised and clinically meaningful outcome measures. Plain language summary Nasal saline irrigation for acute upper airway infection symptoms Review question   Does the addition of nasal saline spray or wash to usual care or placebo reduce the severity of symptoms or speed the recovery of adults and children with cold and flu symptoms that have been present for less than four weeks? Background   Acute upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) include colds, influenza and infections of the throat, nose or sinuses. They are usually self limiting viral infections, though sometimes symptoms may persist for many weeks beyond the clearance of the initial infection, with or without establishment of secondary bacterial infections. The aim of treatment is predominantly for relief of symptoms, though some treatments may have a role in reducing the duration of post‐viral symptoms, such as cough. Saline nose spray and larger volume nasal washes have become more popular as one of many treatment options for URTIs, and they have been shown to have some effectiveness for chronic sinusitis and following nasal surgery. However, little is known about their effectiveness in the treatment of acute URTI or which symptoms they may be effective for. Study characteristics We identified five studies, with a total of 749 participants enrolled and 565 participants providing data, which addressed the research question and met the inclusion criteria. They all compared saline irrigation with routine care or other nose sprays. These studies covered a wide range of ages, countries, sample sizes, dosing methods and frequency, and time since onset of URTI symptoms. They were also highly variable in their design and the symptoms that were measured. This is not surprising due to the lack of consistent measures of URTI symptoms and signs. This resulted in very few common outcome measures that could be combined across these five studies. The evidence is current to August 2014. Key results   The two additional studies included since the original systematic review have not contributed data of sufficient size or quality to materially change the original findings. Only the largest study, which studied 401 children aged 6 to 10 years, found significant reductions in a number of symptoms, including nasal secretions, sore throat, nasal breathing score and nasal obstruction, as well as reduced use of additional nasal decongestant medications. It also reported a significant improvement in the health status score. There was a reduction in the outcome of time to resolution of symptoms, which was reported in two trials on adult participants, but the difference was not clinically significant. Nasal saline is safe but may cause minor adverse effects, such as irritation or a burning sensation, particularly with products using higher flows or concentrations. Quality of the evidence   Most studies were small and had significant shortcomings in the design or implementation of the research. Further studies, preferably larger in size and using common outcome measures, are needed to establish the potential for the role of nasal saline irrigation in reducing the severity and duration of acute URTI symptoms, secondary infections and possibly antibiotic usage.
Interventions for treating genital   Chlamydia trachomatis infection in pregnancy; Abstract - Background Genital  Chlamydia trachomatis  ( C.trachomatis ) infection may lead to pregnancy complications such as miscarriage, preterm labour, low birthweight, preterm rupture of membranes, increased perinatal mortality, postpartum endometritis, chlamydial conjunctivitis and  C.trachomatis  pneumonia.This review supersedes a previous review on this topic. Objectives To establish the most efficacious and best‐tolerated therapy for treatment of genital chlamydial infection in preventing maternal infection and adverse neonatal outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (26 June 2017) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) as well as studies published in abstract form assessing interventions for treating genital  C.trachomatis  infection in pregnancy. Cluster‐RCTs were also eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Quasi‐randomised trials and trials using cross‐over design are not eligible for inclusion in this review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, assessed trial quality and extracted the data using the agreed form. Data were checked for accuracy. Evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 15 trials (involving 1754 women) although our meta‐analyses were based on fewer numbers of studies/women. All of the included studies were undertaken in North America from 1982 to 2001. Two studies were low risk of bias in all domains, all other studies had varying risk of bias. Four other studies were excluded and one study is ongoing. Eight comparisons were included in this review
Probiotics for treatment of Clostridium difficile‐associated colitis in adults; Abstract - Background Probiotics are live microorganisms consisting of non‐pathogenic yeast and bacteria that are believed to restore the microbial balance of the gastrointestinal tract altered by infection with  Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) . Objectives To assess the efficacy of probiotics in the treatment of antibiotic associated  C. difficile  colitis. Search methods The databases MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Cochrane IBD/FBD Specialized Trials register were searched to locate all published reports from 1966 to 2007. Selection criteria Randomized, prospective studies using probiotics alone or in conjunction with conventional antibiotics for the treatment of documented  C. difficile  colitis were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Data extraction and analysis was done independently by two authors. Main results Four studies met the inclusion criteria and were included in the review. The four studies examined the use of probiotics in conjunction with conventional antibiotics (vancomycin or metronidazole) for the treatment of recurrence or an initial episode of  C. difficile  colitis in adults. The studies were small in size and had methodological problems. A statistically significant benefit for probiotics combined with antibiotics was found in one study. McFarland 1994 found that patients receiving  S. boulardii  were significantly less likely than patients receiving placebo to experience recurrence of  C. difficile  diarrhea (RR 0.59
Surgical approach to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease; Abstract - Background Currently, there are five major approaches to hysterectomy for benign gynaecological disease: abdominal hysterectomy (AH), vaginal hysterectomy (VH), laparoscopic hysterectomy (LH), robotic‐assisted hysterectomy (RH) and vaginal natural orifice hysterectomy (V‐NOTES). Within the LH category we further differentiate the laparoscopic‐assisted vaginal hysterectomy (LAVH) from the total laparoscopic hysterectomy (TLH) and single‐port laparoscopic hysterectomy (SP‐LH). Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of different surgical approaches to hysterectomy for women with benign gynaecological conditions. Search methods We searched the following databases (from their inception to December 2022): the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Specialised Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL and PsycINFO. We also searched the trial registries and relevant reference lists, and communicated with experts in the field for any additional trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which clinical outcomes were compared between one surgical approach to hysterectomy and another. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently selected trials, assessed risk of bias and performed data extraction. Our primary outcomes were return to normal activities, satisfaction and quality of life, intraoperative visceral injury and major long‐term complications (i.e. fistula, pelvic‐abdominal pain, urinary dysfunction, bowel dysfunction, pelvic floor condition and sexual dysfunction). Main results We included 63 studies with 6811 women. The evidence for most comparisons was of low or moderate certainty. The main limitations were poor reporting and imprecision. Vaginal hysterectomy (VH) versus abdominal hysterectomy (AH) (12 RCTs, 1046 women) Return to normal activities was probably faster in the VH group (mean difference (MD) ‐10.91 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐17.95 to ‐3.87
Saline irrigation for allergic rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis is a common condition affecting both adults and children. Patients experience symptoms of nasal obstruction, rhinorrhoea, sneezing and nasal itching, which may affect their quality of life. Nasal irrigation with saline (salty water), also known as nasal douching, washing or lavage, is a procedure that rinses the nasal cavity with isotonic or hypertonic saline solutions. It can be performed with low positive pressure from a spray, pump or squirt bottle, with a nebuliser or with gravity‐based pressure in which the person instils saline into one nostril and allows it to drain out of the other. Saline solutions are available over the counter and can be used alone or as an adjunct to other therapies. Objectives To evaluate the effects of nasal saline irrigation in people with allergic rhinitis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register
Yellow fever vaccine for patients with HIV infection; Abstract - Background Yellow fever (YF) is an acute viral haemorrhagic disease prevalent in tropical Africa and Latin America. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that there are 200,000 cases of YF and 30,000 deaths worldwide annually. Treatment for YF is supportive, but a live attenuated virus vaccine is effective for preventing infection. WHO recommends immunisation for all individuals  >  9 months living in countries or areas at risk. However, the United States Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) advises that YF vaccine is contraindicated in individuals with HIV. Given the large populations of HIV‐infected individuals living in tropical areas where YF is endemic, YF vaccine may be an important intervention for preventing YF in immunocompromised populations. Objectives To assess the risk and benefits of YF immunisation for people infected with HIV. Search methods We used standard Cochrane methods to search electronic databases and conference proceedings with relevant search terms without limits to language. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and cohort studies of individuals with HIV infection who received YF vaccine (17DD or 17D‐204). Data collection and analysis Two authors screened abstracts of references identified by electronic or bibliographic searches according to inclusion and exclusion criteria as detailed in the protocol. We identified 199 references and examined 19 in detail for study eligibility. Data were abstracted independently using a standardised abstraction form. Main results Three cohort studies were included in the review. They examined 484 patients with HIV infection who received YF immunisation. Patients with HIV infection developed significantly lower concentrations of neutralising antibodies in the first year post immunisation compared to uninfected patients, though decay patterns were similar for recipients regardless of HIV infection. No study patient with HIV infection suffered serious adverse events as a result of YF vaccination. Authors' conclusions YF vaccination can produce protective levels of neutralising antibodies in HIV patients. Immunogenicity of YF vaccine is slightly less in HIV‐infected patients compared to HIV‐uninfected patients. No serious adverse events related to YF vaccine were observed in HIV‐infected study participants. At time of immunisation, higher CD4 cell counts and lower HIV RNA levels in patients with HIV infection seem to be key determinants for development of protective titres of neutralising antibodies. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was low to very low. YF vaccine may potentially be used safely in HIV‐infected patients, although our conclusions are limited by small numbers of patients who have been reported. To assure maximum effectiveness YF vaccine should be given to HIV‐infected patients after HIV replication has been suppressed. Plain language summary Yellow fever vaccine for patients with HIV infection In the United States of America, current guidelines do not recommend YF vaccine for individuals with HIV infection or AIDS
Rapid diagnostic tests for typhoid and paratyphoid (enteric) fever; Abstract - Background Differentiating both typhoid ( Salmonella  Typhi) and paratyphoid ( Salmonella  Paratyphi A) infection from other causes of fever in endemic areas is a diagnostic challenge. Although commercial point‐of‐care rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) for enteric fever are available as alternatives to the current reference standard test of blood or bone marrow culture, or to the widely used Widal Test, their diagnostic accuracy is unclear. If accurate, they could potentially replace blood culture as the World Health Organization (WHO)‐recommended main diagnostic test for enteric fever. Objectives To assess the diagnostic accuracy of commercially available rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) and prototypes for detecting  Salmonella  Typhi or Paratyphi A infection in symptomatic persons living in endemic areas. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, MEDLINE, Embase, Science Citation Index, IndMED, African Index Medicus, LILACS, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) up to 4 March 2016. We manually searched WHO reports, and papers from international conferences on  Salmonella  infections. We also contacted test manufacturers to identify studies. Selection criteria We included diagnostic accuracy studies of enteric fever RDTs in patients with fever or with symptoms suggestive of enteric fever living in endemic areas. We classified the reference standard used as either Grade 1 (result from a blood culture and a bone marrow culture) or Grade 2 (result from blood culture and blood polymerase chain reaction, or from blood culture alone). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted the test result data. We used a modified QUADAS‐2 extraction form to assess methodological quality. We performed a meta‐analysis when there were sufficient studies for the test and heterogeneity was reasonable. Main results Thirty‐seven studies met the inclusion criteria and included a total of 5080 participants (range 50 to 1732). Enteric fever prevalence rates in the study populations ranged from 1% to 75% (median prevalence 24%, interquartile range (IQR) 11% to 46%). The included studies evaluated 16 different RDTs, and 16 studies compared two or more different RDTs. Only three studies used the Grade 1 reference standard, and only 11 studies recruited unselected febrile patients. Most included studies were from Asia, with five studies from sub‐Saharan Africa. All of the RDTs were designed to detect  S. Typhi infection only. Most studies evaluated three RDTs and their variants: TUBEX in 14 studies
Probiotics for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis; Abstract - Background The dominance of lactobacilli in healthy vaginal microbiota and its depletion in bacterial vaginosis (BV) has given rise to the concept of oral or vaginal instillation of probiotic  Lactobacillus  strains for the management of this condition. Objectives To ascertain the efficacy of probiotics in the treatment of BV. Search methods We searched electronic databases irrespective of publication status or language. These included: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), the HIV/AIDS and STD Cochrane Review Groups' specialized registers, the Cochrane Complementary Medicine Field's Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE (1966 to 2008), EMBASE (1980 to 2007), ISI science citation index (1955 to 2007), CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature (1982 to 2007). We handsearched of specialty journals, conference proceedings and publications list on the website of the International Scientific Association of Probiotics and Prebiotics (http://www.isapp.net/default.asp). For unpublished studies or ongoing trials, we contacted authors from relevant publications, nutraceutical companies and probiotic‐related scientific associations. We searched electronic databases on ongoing clinical trials. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials using probiotics for the treatment of women of any age diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis, regardless of diagnostic method used. The probiotic preparation could be single or "cocktail" of strains, any preparation type/dosage/route of administration. Studies comparing probiotics with placebo, probiotics used in conjunction with conventional antibiotics compared with placebo or probiotics alone compared with conventional antibiotics were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis We screened titles and abstracts , obtained full reports of relevant trialsand independently appraised them for eligibility. A data extraction form was used to extract data from the four included studies. For dichotomous outcomes, odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were derived for each study using RevMan (versions 4.2 and 5). We did not perform meta‐analysis due to significant differences in the probiotic preparations and trial methodologies. Main results Analysis suggests beneficial outcome of microbiological cure with the oral metronidazole/probiotic regimen (OR 0.09 (95% CI 0.03 to 0.26)) and the probiotic/estriol preparation (OR 0.02, (95% CI 0.00 to 0.47)). For the probiotic/estriol preparation, the OR and 95% CI for physician‐reported resolution of symptoms was OR 0.04 (95% CI 0.00 to 0.56). Authors' conclusions The results do not provide sufficient evidence for or against recommending probiotics for the treatment of BV. The metronidazole/probiotic regimen and probiotic/estriol perparation appear promising but well‐designed randomized controlled trials with standardized methodologies and larger patient size are needed. Plain language summary Probiotics for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is one of the most common causes of genital discomfort in women of reproductive age. This condition occurs when there is an imbalance in the population of normal vaginal micro‐organism with depletion of the dominant lactobacilli and overgrowth of other types of bacteria. Treatment of this condition using recommended antibiotics is often associated with failure and high rates of recurrence. This led to the concept of replacing the depleted lactobacilli using probiotic strains as a treatment approach. This review investigated the evidence for the use of probiotic preparations either alone or in conjunction with antibiotics for the treatment of BV. The current research does not provide conclusive evidence that probiotics are superior to or enhance the effectiveness of antibiotics in the treatment of BV. In addition, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of probiotics either before, during or after antibiotic treatment as a means of ensuring successful treatment or reduce recurrence. Larger, well‐designed randomized controlled trials with standardized methodologies are needed to confirm the benefits of probiotics in the treatment of BV.
Selenium supplementation for asthma; Abstract - Background Selenium deficiency may be important in chronic asthma. Observational studies have demonstrated that patients with chronic asthma may have lower levels of selenium than their control. Nevertheless, selenium supplementation has not been recommended with drug therapy for asthma. This review systematically examines RCTs that evaluated the role of selenium supplementation in chronic asthma. Objectives Recognition that chronic asthma can be associated with selenium deficiency has led to the investigation of the role of selenium supplementation in reducing the symptoms and impact of chronic asthma. The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy of selenium supplementation as an adjunct to medication for the treatment of chronic asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register, MEDLINE/PubMed, and EMBASE. Searches were current as of August 2005. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing patients with chronic asthma receiving selenium supplementation in conjunction with asthma medication, with patients taking asthma medication only. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers applied the study inclusion criteria Main results One trial with a total of 24 patients suffering from chronic asthma was included. The study reported significant clinical improvement in the selenium‐supplemented group, as compared with the placebo group, in terms of a 'clinical evaluation'. However, this improvement could not be validated by significant changes in separate objective parameters of lung function and airway hyper‐responsiveness. Authors' conclusions There is some indication that selenium supplementation may be a useful adjunct to medication for patients with chronic asthma. This conclusion is limited because of insufficient studies and lack of improvement in the clinical parameters of lung function. Plain language summary Selenium supplementation for asthma Selenium is a trace mineral, and it is thought that deficiency of selenium may play some role in the development of asthma. Some studies suggest that selenium supplementation for people with chronic asthma may help to improve symptoms. This review found some evidence from only one small trial that selenium supplementation might help reduce symptoms of chronic asthma symptoms, but more research is needed to be certain.
Oestrogens for treatment or prevention of pelvic organ prolapse in postmenopausal women; Abstract - Background Pelvic organ prolapse is common and can be detected in up to 50% of parous women although many are asymptomatic. Oestrogen preparations are used to improve vaginal thinning (atrophy). It is possible that oestrogens, alone or in conjunction with other interventions, might prevent or assist in the management of pelvic organ prolapse, for example by improving the strength of weakened supporting structures. Objectives To determine the effects of oestrogens or drugs with oestrogenic effects alone, or in conjunction with other treatments, both for prevention and treatment of pelvic organ prolapse. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Register of trials (searched 6 May 2010), MEDLINE (January 1950 to April 2010) as well as reference lists of relevant articles. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials that included the use of any oestrogens or drugs with oestrogenic (or anti‐oestrogenic) actions for pelvic organ prolapse. Data collection and analysis Trials were assessed and data extracted independently by two review authors. Main results Three trials and one meta‐analysis of adverse effects of a further three trials were identified. One trial did not provide useable data. Two trials included 148 women with prolapse, one included 58 postmenopausal women and the meta‐analysis reported a mixed population (women with and without prolapse) of postmenopausal women (N=6984). The meta analysis and one other small trial investigated the effect of selective oestrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) for treatment or prevention of osteoporosis but also collected data of the effects on prolapse. Interventions included oestradiol, conjugated equine oestrogen and two (SERMs), raloxifene and tamoxifen. Only one small trial addressed the primary outcome (prolapse symptoms). One small treatment trial of oestradiol for three weeks before prolapse surgery found a reduced incidence of cystitis in the first four weeks after surgery but this unexpected finding needs to be confirmed in a larger trial. A meta‐analysis of adverse effects of a SERM, raloxifene (used for treatment or prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women) found a statistically significant reduction in the need for prolapse surgery at three year follow up (OR 0.50, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.81), but this was statistically significant only in women older than 60 years (OR 0.68, 95% CI 0.22 to 2.08) and the total number of women having prolapse surgery was small. A further small trial comparing conjugated equine oestrogen, raloxifene, tamoxifen and placebo in postmenopausal women having pelvic floor muscle training was too small to detect effects on prolapse outcomes. Authors' conclusions There was limited evidence from randomised controlled trials regarding the use of oestrogens for the prevention and management of pelvic organ prolapse. The use of local oestrogen in conjunction with pelvic floor muscle training before surgery may reduce the incidence of post‐operative cystitis within four weeks after surgery. Oral raloxifene may reduce the need for pelvic organ prolapse surgery in women older than 60 years although this cannot be taken as an indication for practice. There is a need for rigorous randomised controlled trials with long term follow up to assess oestrogen preparations for prevention and management of pelvic organ prolapse, particularly as an adjunctive treatment for women using pessaries and also before and after prolapse surgery. Plain language summary Oestrogens for treatment or prevention of pelvic organ prolapse in women Many women suffer from pelvic organ prolapse, which is a downward descent of the vagina (front passage) and/or uterus (womb). It is more common after childbirth and after the menopause.  Women may not have symptoms or they may feel bulge and/or pressure vaginally, as well as a range of urinary, bowel and sexual problems. These symptoms may affect quality of life. Prolapse is associated with weakness in muscles and supporting structures in the pelvis. Treatment can be conservative (pessaries or rings), pelvic floor muscle training or surgery.  Oestrogen (female hormone) treatment can be used to reduce thinning of the vaginal and pelvic tissues. This may help to reduce or prevent the symptoms of prolapse, or may be used to make other prolapse treatments work better. This review did not find any clear evidence to suggest whether oestrogens work. However, as they are often used, especially with pessaries or before and after prolapse surgery, research is needed to identify any benefits or risks.
Capsaicin for allergic rhinitis in adults; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in  The Cochrane Library  in Issue 2, 2006. Allergic rhinitis represents a global health problem. Non‐specific nasal hyper‐responsiveness is an important feature of allergic and non‐allergic rhinitis. This phenomenon is believed to result from the effect of allergic inflammation on the sensory nerves that supply the upper airway mucosa. A pharmacological agent that has proved useful in the investigation of effects of neuronal stimulation is capsaicin, the pungent component of hot pepper. Intranasal capsaicin specifically stimulates afferent nerves consisting mostly of unmyelinated C fibers and some myelinated A ‐ delta fibers. As a result it can trigger central and axonal reflexes, the latter being putatively mediated by the release of neuropeptides. Capsaicin, as a blocking agent of neuropeptides, blocks the axon reflex and may exert a curative effect on allergic rhinitis. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of capsaicin for allergic rhinitis in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Gonadotropin‐releasing hormone analogues for endometriosis; Abstract - Background Endometriosis is a common gynaecological condition affecting 6 to 11% of reproductive‐age women and may cause dyspareunia, dysmenorrhoea, and infertility. One treatment strategy is medical therapy with gonadotrophin‐releasing hormone analogues (GnRHas) to reduce pain due to endometriosis. One of the adverse effects of GnRHas is a decreased bone mineral density. In addition to assessing the effect on pain, quality of life, most troublesome symptom and patients' satisfaction, the current review also evaluated the effect on bone mineral density and risk of adverse effects in women with endometriosis who use GnRHas versus other treatment options. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of GnRH analogues (GnRHas) in the treatment of painful symptoms associated with endometriosis and to determine the effects of GnRHas on bone mineral density of women with endometriosis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility (CGF) Group trials register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO and the trial registries in May 2022 together with reference checking and contact with study authors and experts in the field to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which compared GnRHas with other hormonal treatment options, including analgesics, danazol, intra‐uterine progestogens, oral or injectable progestogens, gestrinone and also GnRHas compared with no treatment or placebo. Trials comparing GnRHas versus GnRHas in conjunction with add‐back therapy (hormonal or non‐hormonal) or calcium‐regulation agents were also included in this review.  Data collection and analysis We used standard methodology as recommended by Cochrane. Primary outcomes are relief of overall pain and the objective measurement of bone mineral density. Secondary outcomes include adverse effects, quality of life, improvement in the most troublesome symptoms and patient satisfaction.  Due to high risk of bias associated with some of the studies, primary analyses of all review outcomes were restricted to studies at low risk of selection bias. Sensitivity analysis including all studies was then performed. Main results Seventy‐two studies involving 7355 patients were included. The evidence was very low to low quality: the main limitations of all studies were serious risk of bias due to poor reporting of study methods, and serious imprecision.  Trials comparing GnRHas versus no treatment  We did not identify any studies. Trials comparing GnRHas versus placebo There may be a decrease in overall pain, reported as pelvic pain scores (RR 2.14
Paracetamol versus placebo or physical methods for treating fever in children; Abstract - Background Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is widely used for treating fever in children. Like ibuprofen, aspirin, and physical methods (such as fanning), paracetamol aims to provide relief from symptoms and prevent febrile convulsions. Uncertainty exists about the benefits of using it to treat fever in children. Objectives To assess the effects of paracetamol for treating fever in children in relation to fever clearance time, febrile convulsions, and resolution of associated symptoms. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (May 2004), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 2, 2004), MEDLINE (1966 to May 2004), EMBASE (1988 to May 2004), LILACS (May 2004), Science Citation Index (May 2004), and reference lists of articles. We also contacted researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized trials of children with fever from infections comparing: (1) paracetamol with placebo or no treatment
Long‐term antibiotic prophylaxis for prevention of rheumatic fever recurrence and progression to rheumatic heart disease; Abstract - Background Rheumatic fever is a non‐suppurative, inflammatory sequela of group A  Streptococcus  pharyngitis that can occur at two to four weeks after infection. Following an episode of rheumatic fever, there is a risk of developing rheumatic heart disease (RHD) later in life that carries significant risk of morbidity and mortality. RHD remains the largest global cause of cardiovascular disease in the young (age < 25 years). The historical literature provides inconclusive evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis is beneficial in reducing the risk of recurrence of rheumatic fever and development of RHD. Antibiotics are thought to work by reducing the carriage of group A  Streptococcus  and thus reducing the risk of infection. This review was commissioned by the World Health Organization (WHO) for an upcoming guideline. Objectives 1. To assess the effects of long‐term antibiotics versus no antibiotics (control) for secondary prevention of rheumatic fever recurrence and associated sequelae in people with previous rheumatic fever or RHD. 2. To assess the effects of long‐term intramuscular penicillin versus long‐term oral antibiotics for secondary prevention of rheumatic fever recurrence and associated sequelae in people with previous rheumatic fever or RHD. Search methods We systematically searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Conference Proceedings Citation Index‐Science, clinical trial registers, ISRCTN.com and reference lists without restrictions on language or date up to 10 March 2024. Selection criteria We sought randomised controlled trials or quasi‐randomised trials, described in any language, including participants with previous rheumatic fever and/or RHD of any age, based in community or hospital settings. Studies were included if they compared firstly antibiotic prophylaxis with no antibiotic prophylaxis, and, secondly, intramuscular penicillin prophylaxis versus oral antibiotic prophylaxis. Data collection and analysis We used standardised methodological, Cochrane‐endorsed procedures and performed meta‐analyses with risk ratios (RR) and Peto odds ratios (Peto OR). Our primary outcomes were recurrence of rheumatic fever, progression or severity of RHD and cardiac complications. Our secondary outcomes were obstetric complications (maternal and foetal events), mortality, treatment adherence, adverse events and acceptability to participants. We performed comprehensive assessments of risk of bias and certainty of evidence, applying the GRADE methodology. Main results We included 11 studies (seven RCTs and four quasi‐randomised trials) including 3951 participants. The majority of the included studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada during the 1950s to 1960s. Most participants with previous rheumatic fever had been diagnosed using the modified Jones criteria (mJC) (four studies), were an average of 12.3 years of age and 50.6% male. We assessed the majority of the included studies to be at high risk of bias, predominantly relating to blinding and attrition bias. Comparison one: antibiotics versus no antibiotics Pooled meta‐analysis of six RCTs provides moderate‐certainty evidence that antibiotics overall (oral or intramuscular) probably reduce the risk of recurrence of rheumatic fever substantially (0.7% versus 1.7%, respectively) (risk ratio (RR) 0.39, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 0.69
Short acting beta2‐agonists for bronchiectasis; Abstract - Background Bronchiectasis is a condition characterized by an abnormal and irreversible dilatation of the sub segmental airways and it may be caused by a variety of disease processes. Currently medical treatment includes physiotherapy, antibiotics and occasionally mucolytics. Many people with bronchiectasis receive bronchodilator therapy, since many people with the condition show signs of airflow obstruction and bronchial hyper‐responsiveness. Evidence on effectiveness of bronchodilator therapy in bronchiectasis has only recently started to be systematically studied. Objectives The present review examined the effectiveness of short acting beta‐2 agonist therapy in bronchiectasis, as this is the most frequently used treatment for airflow obstruction in people with this condition. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register. We also checked bibliographies of all identified RCTs to identify potentially relevant citations. Searches are current as of May 2008. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials were considered for inclusion, whether single or double blind. The control group was placebo/no treatment or other drug/physical therapy. Participants could be children or adults diagnosed with bronchiectasis by plain‐film chest radiograph, bronchography or high resolution computerized tomography. Patients were excluded if they had cystic fibrosis. Any type of short acting beta‐2 agonist administered by inhalation or systemic route, used in conjunction with conventional treatment was included. Data collection and analysis In the absence of any relevant RCTs, we were unable to extract or analyse data. Main results We identified 48 articles by the search, the majority of which could be excluded on the basis of the abstract as they were not RCTs. Six articles were retrieved and were all excluded after careful consideration because they were either not RCTs or they did not deal with the question of interest. Authors' conclusions We failed to identify any RCTs investigating the role of short acting beta agonists in bronchiectasis. Since short acting beta‐2 agonist therapy is the most frequently used treatment for airflow obstruction in bronchiectasis, there appears to be the need to investigate the effectiveness of this therapy using an RCT. Plain language summary No randomised trials were found testing short‐acting beta‐2 agonists in people with bronchiectasis. Bronchiectasis is characterised by the build up of mucus in the lungs which can result from other airways disease such as childhood pneumonia or tuberculosis. Medical treatment for bronchiectasis includes physiotherapy, antibiotics and occasionally mucolytics (drugs which are used to try and clear the mucus in the lungs). Since many people with bronchiectasis show signs of poor airflow, bronchodilator therapy such as reliever inhalers is frequently prescribed. Currently there are no randomised controlled trials that investigate the role of these bronchodilators in bronchiectasis. Since short acting beta‐2 agonist therapy is the most frequently used treatment for airflow obstruction in this condition, there appears to be a very great need to investigate the effectiveness of such therapy in clinical trials.
Family therapy for asthma in children; Abstract - Background Psychosocial and emotional factors are important in childhood asthma. Nevertheless, drug therapy alone continues to be the main treatment. Treatment programmes that include behavioural or psychological interventions have been developed to improve disturbed family relations in the families of children with severe asthma. These approaches have been extended to examine the efficacy of family therapy to treat childhood asthma in a wider group of patients. This review systematically examines these studies. Objectives Recognition that asthma can be associated with emotional disturbances has led to the investigation of the role of family therapy in reducing the symptoms and impact of asthma in children. The objective of this review was to assess the effects of family therapy as an adjunct to medication for the treatment of asthma in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of trials, and checked the reference lists in trial reports and review articles. The most recent search was carried out in January 2007. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing children undergoing systematic therapy focusing on the family in conjunction with asthma medication, with children taking asthma medication only. Data collection and analysis Two reviwers (JY and CS) applied the study inclusion criteria. Main results Two trials with a total of 55 children were included. It was not possible to combine the findings of these two studies because of differences in outcome measures used. In one study, gas volume, peak expiratory flow rate and daytime wheeze showed improvement in family therapy patients compared to controls. In the other study, there was an improvement in overall clinical assessment and number of functionally impaired days in the patients receiving family therapy. There was no difference in forced expiratory volume or medication use in both studies. Authors' conclusions There is some indication that family therapy may be a useful adjunct to medication for children with asthma. This conclusion is limited by small study sizes and lack of standardisation in the choice of outcome measures. Plain language summary Family therapy for asthma in children Psychological factors may have an effect on asthma in children, or its severity. As some children with families who are having problems have severe asthma, family therapy has been tried. The aim is to resolve any problems there might be in a family, in case they are causing the child stress and then making asthma worse. The review found some evidence from two trials that family therapy (in addition to standard asthma treatments) might help reduce a child's asthma symptoms, but more research is needed to be certain.
Antenatal immunoglobulin for fetal red blood cell alloimmunization; Abstract - Background Red blood cell alloimmunization in pregnancy can lead to fetal anaemia with potentially disastrous consequences. Traditional management involves the use of intrauterine transfusion, which is associated with significant procedure‐related risks. An alternative treatment that has been trialled is the use of immunoglobulin administered intravenously to the mother. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy and safety of the use of intravenous immunoglobulin antenatally to women with severe fetal red blood cell alloimmunization. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group trials register (19 December 2012), and reference lists of articles. Selection criteria Randomized trials assessing the antenatal use of intravenous immunoglobulin administered at any dose, frequency or duration with a control group (using any other, or no treatment) in the management of fetal red blood cell alloimmunization. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the available evidence. Main results There are no included studies. Authors' conclusions No information is available from randomized trials to indicate whether the antenatal use of intravenous immunoglobulin is effective in the management of fetal red blood cell alloimmunization. Several case series suggest a beneficial role in delaying the onset of fetal anaemia requiring invasive intrauterine transfusion. Plain language summary Antenatal immunoglobulin for fetal red blood cell alloimmunization Pregnant women may develop antibodies in response to antigens on fetal red blood cells. The antibodies that result can cross the placenta to the fetus and break down red blood cells, leading to fetal anaemia. This has become less common with the routine use of anti D immunoglobulin in pregnant women with a Rhesus D‐negative blood group and no pre‐existing anti‐D antibodies, but remains a cause of fetal death. Currently, standard management involves monitoring antibody titres in conjunction with ultrasound assessment of fetal well‐being, and the use of intrauterine transfusion when fetal anaemia is diagnosed. Unfortunately, intrauterine transfusion poses significant risks because of its inherent invasiveness and procedure‐related risks, including a risk of perinatal death. Intravenous immunoglobulin has been proposed as an alternative form of treatment, with the advantage of being less invasive. There are no randomized trials of intravenous immunoglobulin given antenatally to women with severe fetal red blood cell alloimmunization to show if this offers any benefit over other forms of treatment or no treatment, but there are case series suggesting a possible role in delaying the onset of fetal anaemia requiring invasive intrauterine transfusion.
Magnesium sulfate for treating exacerbations of acute asthma in the emergency department; Abstract - Background Treatment of acute asthma is based on rapid reversal of bronchospasm and arresting airway inflammation. There is some evidence that intravenous magnesium can provide additional bronchodilation when given in conjunction with standard bronchodilating agents and corticosteroids. No systematic review of this literature has been completed on this topic. Objectives To examine the effect of additional intravenous magnesium sulfate in patients with acute asthma managed in the emergency department. Search methods Randomised controlled trials were identified from the Cochrane Airways Review Group register. Bibliographies from included studies, known reviews and texts were searched. Primary authors and content experts were contacted. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials or quasi‐randomised trials were eligible for inclusion. Studies were included if patients presented with acute asthma and were treated with IV magnesium sulfate versus placebo. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted and methodological quality was assessed independently by two reviewers. Missing data were obtained from authors. Main results Seven trials were included (5 adult, 2 pediatric). A total of 665 patients were involved. Patients receiving magnesium sulfate demonstrated non‐significant improvements in peak expiratory flow rates when all studies were pooled (weighted mean difference: 29.4 L/min
Exercise for diabetic pregnant women; Abstract - Background Diabetes in pregnancy may result in unfavourable maternal and neonatal outcomes. Exercise was proposed as an additional strategy to improve glycaemic control. The effect of exercise during pregnancies complicated by diabetes needs to be assessed. Objectives To evaluate the effect of exercise programs, alone or in conjunction with other therapies, compared to no specific program or to other therapies, in pregnant women with diabetes on perinatal and maternal morbidity and on the frequency of prescription of insulin to control glycaemia. To compare the effectiveness of different types of exercise programs on perinatal and maternal morbidity. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 December 2005). We updated this search on 1 October 2009 and added the results to the awaiting classification section. Selection criteria All known randomised controlled trials evaluating the effect of exercise in diabetic pregnant women on perinatal outcome and maternal morbidity. Data collection and analysis We evaluated relevant studies for meeting the inclusion criteria and methodological quality. Three review authors abstracted the data. For all data analyses, we entered data based on the principle of intention to treat. We calculated relative risks and 95% confidence intervals for dichotomous data. Main results Four trials, involving 114 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, were included in the review. None included pregnant women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Women were recruited during the third trimester and the intervention was performed for about six weeks. The programs generally consisted in exercising three times a week for 20 to 45 minutes. We found no significant difference between exercise and the other regimen in all the outcomes evaluated. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to recommend, or advise against, diabetic pregnant women to enrol in exercise programs. Further trials, with larger sample size, involving women with gestational diabetes, and possibly type 1 and 2 diabetes, are needed to evaluate this intervention. [Note: The six citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed.] Plain language summary Exercise for diabetic pregnant women Insufficient information available to recommend or advise against diabetic pregnant women enrolling on exercise programs. Exercise was proposed to improve glycaemic control in pregnant women with diabetes. Four small trials involving 114 pregnant women evaluated this intervention. None included pregnant women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. There is insufficient evidence to recommend, or advise against, diabetic pregnant women enrolling in exercise programs. Further trials, with larger sample size, are needed.
Tartrazine exclusion for allergic asthma; Abstract - Background Tartrazine is the best known and one of the most commonly used food additives. Food colorants are also used in many medications as well as foods. There has been conflicting evidence as to whether tartrazine causes exacerbations of asthma with some studies finding a positive association especially in individuals with cross‐sensitivity to aspirin. Objectives To assess the overall effect of tartrazine (exclusion or challenge) in the management of asthma. Search methods A search was carried out on the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register. Bibliographies of each RCT was searched for additional papers. Authors of identified RCTs were contacted for further information. Searches are updated annually and are current as of February 2006. Selection criteria RCTs of oral administration of tartrazine (as a challenge) versus placebo or dietary avoidance of tartrazine versus normal diet were considered. Studies which focused upon allergic asthma, were also included. Studies of tartrazine exclusion for other allergic conditions such as hay fever, allergic rhinitis and eczema were only considered if the results for subjects with asthma were separately identified. Trials could be in either adults or children with asthma or allergic asthma (e.g. sensitivity to aspirin or food items known to contain tartrazine). Data collection and analysis Study quality was assessed and data abstracted by two reviewers independently. Outcomes were analysed using RevMan 4.1.1. Main results Ninety four abstracts were found, of which 20 were potentially relevant. Six? met the inclusion criteria, but only three presented results in a format that permitted analysis and none could be combined in a meta‐analysis. In none of the studies did tartrazine challenge or avoidance in diet significantly alter asthma outcomes. Authors' conclusions Due to the paucity of available evidence, it is not possible to provide firm conclusions as to the effects of tartrazine on asthma control. However, the six RCTs that could be included in this review all arrived at the same conclusion. Routine tartrazine exclusion may not benefit most patients, except those very few individuals with proven sensitivity. Plain language summary Tartrazine exclusion for allergic asthma Tartrazine is the best known and one of the most commonly used food additives. Food colorants are also used in many medications as well as foods. There is no evidence that tartrazine makes asthma worse or avoiding it makes asthma patients any better.
Non‐pharmacological therapies for dysphagia in Parkinson's disease; Abstract - Background Dysphagia occurs frequently in Parkinson's disease although patients themselves may be unaware of swallowing difficulties. Speech and language therapists in conjunction with nurses and dietitians use techniques that aim to improve swallowing and reduce the risk of choking, aspiration and chest infections. Objectives To compare the efficacy and effectiveness of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy for dysphagia versus placebo or no intervention in patients with Parkinson's disease.   To compare one form of non‐pharmacological swallowing therapy for dysphagia with another in patients with Parkinson's disease. Search methods Relevant trials were identified by electronic searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, ISI‐SCI, AMED, MANTIS, REHABDATA, REHADAT, GEROLIT, Pascal, LILACS, MedCarib, JICST‐EPlus, AIM, IMEMR, SIGLE, ISI‐ISTP, DISSABS, Conference Papers Index, Aslib Index to Theses, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, the CentreWatch Clinical Trials listing service, the metaRegister of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, CRISP, PEDro, NIDRR and NRR
Recruitment manoeuvres for adults with acute respiratory distress syndrome receiving mechanical ventilation; Abstract - Background Recruitment manoeuvres involve transient elevations in airway pressure applied during mechanical ventilation to open (‘recruit’) collapsed lung units and increase the number of alveoli participating in tidal ventilation. Recruitment manoeuvres are often used to treat patients in intensive care who have acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), but the effect of this treatment on clinical outcomes has not been well established. This systematic review is an update of a Cochrane review originally published in 2009. Objectives Our primary objective was to determine the effects of recruitment manoeuvres on mortality in adults with acute respiratory distress syndrome. Our secondary objective was to determine, in the same population, the effects of recruitment manoeuvres on oxygenation and adverse events (e.g. rate of barotrauma). Search methods For this updated review, we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (OVID), Embase (OVID), the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL, EBSCO), Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences (LILACS) and the International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN) registry from inception to August 2016. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of adults who were mechanically ventilated that compared recruitment manoeuvres versus standard care for patients given a diagnosis of ARDS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We contacted study authors for additional information. Main results Ten trials met the inclusion criteria for this review (n = 1658 participants). We found five trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be at moderate risk of bias. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end‐expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit (ICU) mortality (risk ratio (RR) 0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 0.97, P = 0.02, low‐quality evidence), pooled data from five trials (1450 participants) showed no difference in 28‐day mortality (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.01, P = 0.06, low‐quality evidence) and pooled data from four trials (1313 participants) showed no difference in in‐hospital mortality (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.01, P = 0.07, low‐quality evidence). Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.53, P = 0.60, seven studies, 1508 participants, moderate‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung ventilation strategy", whereby the intervention group differed from the control group in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (including co‐interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), making interpretation of the results difficult. A ventilation strategy that included recruitment manoeuvres in participants with ARDS reduced intensive care unit mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma but had no effect on 28‐day and hospital mortality. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co‐interventions as part of an open lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome. Plain language summary Recruitment manoeuvres as a ventilation strategy for adults with acute respiratory failure due to lung injury Background:  Acute respiratory failure is a common condition amongst adults admitted to intensive care units (ICUs) worldwide. Although respiratory failure has many causes, it may be due to a condition known as acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). This term describes a condition in which both of the lungs have become injured and inflamed from one of various causes, and they do not work as they normally would to provide oxygen to and remove carbon dioxide from the body. This leads to a reduced amount of oxygen in the blood. Patients may require connection to a ventilator (breathing machine) to support their breathing. This therapy is known as mechanical ventilation. Supportive care with mechanical ventilation is an important pillar of standard treatment for patients with ARDS. Although it may be life‐saving, mechanical ventilation may further contribute to lung injury by expanding and collapsing the lungs or overstretching lung tissue. To minimize damage to injured lungs, smaller volumes of air at lower pressures have been used in conjunction with a positive opening pressure at the end of expiration (PEEP). This ventilation strategy has been shown to shorten the time that patients require mechanical ventilation while improving survival
Chinese herbal medicine for endometriosis; Abstract - Background Endometriosis is characterized by the presence of tissue that is morphologically and biologically similar to normal endometrium in locations outside the uterus. Surgical and hormonal treatment of endometriosis have unpleasant side effects and high rates of relapse. In China, treatment of endometriosis using Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) is routine and considerable research into the role of CHM in alleviating pain, promoting fertility, and preventing relapse has taken place. This review is an update of a previous review published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2009, issue No 3. Objectives To review the effectiveness and safety of CHM in alleviating endometriosis‐related pain and infertility. Search methods We searched the Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group Trials Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library ) and the following English language electronic databases (from their inception to 31/10/2011): MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, CINAHL, and NLH. We also searched Chinese language electronic databases: Chinese Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Chinese Sci & Tech Journals (VIP), Traditional Chinese Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System (TCMLARS), and Chinese Medical Current Contents (CMCC). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving CHM versus placebo, biomedical treatment, another CHM intervention
Skin grafting and tissue replacement for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes; Abstract - Background Foot ulceration is a major problem in people with diabetes and is the leading cause of hospitalisation and limb amputations. Skin grafts and tissue replacements can be used to reconstruct skin defects for people with diabetic foot ulcers in addition to providing them with standard care. Skin substitutes can consist of bioengineered or artificial skin, autografts (taken from the patient), allografts (taken from another person) or xenografts (taken from animals). Objectives To determine the benefits and harms of skin grafting and tissue replacement for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes. Search methods In April 2015 we searched: The Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register
Chinese herbal medicine for treating recurrent urinary tract infections in women; Abstract - Background Acute urinary tract infection (UTI) is a common bacterial infection that affects 40% to 50% of women. Between 20% and 30% of women who have had a UTI will experience a recurrence, and around 25% will develop ongoing recurrent episodes with implications for individual well‐being and healthcare costs. Prophylactic antibiotics can prevent recurrent UTIs but there are growing concerns about microbial resistance, side effects from treatment and lack of long‐term benefit. Consequently, alternative treatments are being investigated. Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) has a recorded history of treating UTI symptoms and more recent research suggests a potential role in the management of recurrent UTIs. This review aimed to evaluate CHM for recurrent UTI. Objectives This review assessed the benefits and harms of CHM for the treatment of recurrent UTIs in adult women, both as a stand‐alone therapy and in conjunction with other pharmaceutical interventions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant's Specialised Register to 7 May 2015 through contact with the Trials Search Co‐ordinator, using search terms relevant to this review. We also searched AMED, CINAHL and the Chinese language electronic databases Chinese BioMedical Literature Database (CBM), China Network on Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), VIP and Wan Fang Databases to July 2014. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing treatments using CHM with either an inactive placebo or conventional biomedical treatment. RCTs comparing different CHM strategies and treatments were eligible for inclusion. Quasi‐randomised studies were excluded. Data collection and analysis Data extraction was carried out independently by two authors. Where more than one publication of one study existed, these were grouped and the publication with the most complete data was used in the analyses. Where relevant outcomes were only published in earlier versions these data were used. All meta‐analyses were performed using relative risk (RR) for dichotomous outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included seven RCTs that involved a total of 542 women
Zinc supplementation for the treatment of measles in children; Abstract - Background Measles is an important cause of childhood morbidity and mortality globally, despite increasing vaccine coverage. Zinc plays a significant role in the maintenance of normal immunological functions, therefore supplements given to zinc‐deficient children will increase the availability of zinc and could reduce measles‐related morbidity and mortality. This is an update of a review first published in 2015. Objectives To assess the effects of zinc supplementation in reducing morbidity and mortality in children with measles. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (03 February 2017, Issue 2), MEDLINE (1946 to 03 February 2017), Embase (1974 to 03 February 2017), CINAHL (1981 to 03 February 2017), LILACS (1982 to 03 February 2017), Web of Science (1985 to 03 February 2017), and BIOSIS Previews (1985 to 27 June 2014). We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov, the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 03 February 2017 to identify unpublished and ongoing studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs evaluating the effects of zinc in reducing morbidity and mortality in children with measles. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion and extracted data on outcomes, details of the interventions, and other study characteristics using a standardised data extraction form. We used risk ratio (RR) and hazard ratio (HR) as measures of effect with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We included only one study, and did not conduct meta‐analysis. Main results We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. One RCT met our inclusion criteria. The study was conducted in India and included 85 children diagnosed with measles and pneumonia. The trial showed no significant difference in mortality between children with measles and pneumonia who received zinc supplements and those who received placebo (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.14). There was no significant difference in time to absence of fever between children who received zinc supplements and those who did not (HR 1.08, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.74). No treatment‐related side effects were reported in either group. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence as very low. Authors' conclusions We could not draw any definitive conclusions from this review about the effects of zinc supplementation on clinical outcomes of children with measles due to the very low quality of the evidence available. There is insufficient evidence to confirm or refute the effect of zinc supplementation in children with measles. Plain language summary Zinc supplementation for the treatment of measles in children Review question What is the effect of zinc supplementation in the treatment of children with measles? Background Measles infection has reduced globally over the last decade, but large outbreaks still occur, especially in low‐income countries. Zinc is one of the essential micronutrients necessary for the optimal functioning of the immune system. Zinc deficiency is particularly common in children in low‐ and middle‐income countries. It was therefore important to examine the potential role of zinc supplementation in controlling the symptoms of measles infection in children. We aimed to critically assess the current evidence from published studies on the effect of zinc supplementation for the treatment of measles in children. Search date We searched for evidence up to 03 February 2017. This is an update of a review first published in 2015. We did not include any new studies for this update. Study characteristics We found one small randomised trial (involving 85 children) that compared zinc supplements versus placebo administered to children with measles and pneumonia. All 85 children received supportive care and vitamin A. The study was conducted in India and funded by the Child Health Foundation USA and the Nestlé Foundation. Key results The included study was small and did not provide enough data to determine whether zinc had an effect on mortality when compared with placebo. Although no adverse effects were reported, there was insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the use of zinc supplements to improve measles symptoms in children. More research is needed to clarify any benefits or harms. Quality of the evidence We assessed the quality of the evidence as very low.
Heliox for non‐intubated acute asthma patients; Abstract - Background Helium and oxygen mixtures (heliox), have been used sporadically in respiratory medicine for decades. Their use in acute respiratory emergencies such as asthma has been the subject of considerable debate. Despite the lapse of more than 60 years since it was first proposed, the role of heliox in treating patients with severe acute asthma remains unclear. Objectives To determine the effect of the addition of heliox to standard medical care on the course of acute asthma, as measured by pulmonary function testing and clinical endpoints. Search methods Randomised controlled trials were identified from the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register. In addition, we contacted primary authors and experts and searched reference lists of articles. Searches are current to August 2010. Selection criteria 1) Randomised, single or double blind, controlled trials
Unit‐dose packaged drugs for treating malaria; Abstract - Background Unit‐dose packaging of antimalarial drugs may improve the success of malaria treatments by making it easier for patients to take them correctly. Objectives To summarize the effects of unit‐dose packaged treatment on treatment failure and treatment adherence in people with uncomplicated malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (February 2009)
Hyperventilation therapy for acute traumatic brain injury; Abstract - Background Because hyperventilation is often associated with a rapid fall in intracranial pressure, it has been assumed to be effective in the treatment of severe head injury. Hyperventilation reduces raised intracranial pressure by causing cerebral vasoconstriction and a reduction in cerebral blood flow. Whether or not reduced cerebral blood flow improves neurological outcome is, however, unclear. Objectives To quantify the effect of hyperventilation on death and neurological disability following head injury. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Injuries Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  2007, Issue 4), MEDLINE, PubMed, EMBASE, PsycINFO. We searched the Internet, checked reference lists of relevant studies, and contacted the first author of eligible reports to ask for assistance in identifying any further trials. The searches were updated in January 2008. Selection criteria All randomised trials of hyperventilation, in which study participants had a clinically defined acute traumatic head injury of any severity. There were no language restrictions. Data collection and analysis We collected data on the participants, the timing and duration of the intervention, duration of follow‐up, neurological disability and death. Relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for each trial on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Timing, degree and duration of hyperventilation were identified a‐priori as potential sources of heterogeneity between trials. Main results One trial of 113 participants was identified. Hyperventilation alone, as well as in conjunction with a buffer (THAM [tris‐hydroxy‐methyl‐amino methane]), showed a beneficial effect on mortality at one year after injury, although the effect measure was imprecise (RR 0.73
Hypnosis for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Many people with schizophrenia continue to experience symptoms despite conventional treatments being used. Alternative therapies such as hypnosis, in conjunction with conventional treatments, may be helpful. Objectives To investigate the use of hypnosis for people with schizophrenia or schizophrenia‐like illnesses compared with standard care and other interventions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (October 2006), contacted the Cochrane Complementary Medicine Field for additional searching (January 2003), hand searched references of included or excluded studies and made personal contact with authors of relevant trials. Selection criteria We included all randomised or double blind controlled trials that compared hypnosis with other treatments or standard care for people with schizophrenia. Data collection and analysis We reliably selected studies, quality assessed them and extracted data. We excluded data where more than 50% of participants in any group were lost to follow up. For binary outcomes we calculated a fixed effects risk ratio (RR) and its 95% confidence interval (CI). Main results We included three studies (total n=149). When hypnosis was compared with standard treatment no one left the studies between 1‐8 weeks (n=70, 2 RCTs, Risk Difference 0.00 CI ‐0.09 to 0.09). Mental state scores were unaffected (n=60, 1 RCT, MD BPRS by one week ‐3.6 CI ‐12.05 to 4.8) as were measures of movement disorders and neurocognitive function. Compared with relaxation, hypnosis was also acceptable (n=106, 3 RCTs, RR leaving the study early 2.00 CI 0.2 to 2.15) and had no discernable effect on mental state (n=60, 1 RCT, MD BPRS by one week ‐3.4 CI ‐11.4 to 4.6), movement disorders or neurocognitive function. Hypnosis was as acceptable as music (Sibelius) by four weeks (n=36, RR leaving the study early 5.0, CI 0.3 to 97.4). Authors' conclusions The studies in this field are few, small, poorly reported and outdated. Hypnosis could be helpful for people with schizophrenia. If we are to find this out, better designed, conducted and reported randomised studies are required. This current update has not revealed any new studies in this area since 2003. Plain language summary Hypnosis for schizophrenia Schizophrenia is a serious mental disorder which can cause people to have changes in the way they understand the world and their senses. It can also cause social withdrawal. The main treatments for schizophrenia in developed countries are various antipsychotic medications although not everyone responds to these drugs. Other interventions such as talking therapies, relaxation, hypnosis and other alternative therapies have been suggested to be of help, mostly in addition to medication. This review looks at the use of hypnosis in the treatment of schizophrenia, which was compared, in the trials identified, to relaxation, listening to music and standard treatment. Three trials were identified containing a total of 149 people. All of these studies were carried out before 1983 and were relatively short (eight weeks, four weeks and one week). Due to the way the data were reported in these studies and their size, there was no conclusive evidence that hypnosis was better than the other interventions. Very few people left the trials suggesting that hypnosis, relaxation and listening to classical music (Sibelius) were at least acceptable interventions. In order to draw better informed conclusions regarding this potential treatment option in schizophrenia, well conducted trials are required, that measure well outcomes such as improvement in symptoms, functioning and quality of life of the people involved. (Plain language summary prepared for this review by Janey Antoniou of RETHINK, UK  www.rethink.org ).
Acupuncture and assisted reproductive technology; Abstract - Background Acupuncture is commonly undertaken during an assisted reproductive technology (ART) cycle although its role in improving live birth and pregnancy rates is unclear. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture as an adjunct to ART cycles for male and female subfertility. Search methods All reports which described randomised controlled trials of acupuncture in assisted conception were obtained through searches of the Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing & Allied Health Literature), AMED , www.clinicaltrials.gov (all from inception to July 2013), National Research Register, and the Chinese clinical trial database (all to November 2012). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of acupuncture for couples who were undergoing ART, comparing acupuncture treatment alone or acupuncture with concurrent ART versus no treatment, placebo or sham acupuncture plus ART for the treatment of primary and secondary infertility. Women with medical illness that was deemed to contraindicate ART or acupuncture were excluded. Data collection and analysis Twenty randomised controlled trials were included in the review and nine were excluded. Study selection, quality assessment and data extraction were performed independently by two review authors. Meta‐analysis was performed using odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). The outcome measures were live birth rate, clinical ongoing pregnancy rate, miscarriage rate, and any reported side effects of treatment. The quality of the evidence for the primary outcome (live birth) was rated using GRADE methods. Main results This updated meta‐analysis showed no evidence of overall benefit of acupuncture for improving live birth rate (LBR) regardless of whether acupuncture was performed around the time of oocyte retrieval (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.29, 2 studies, n = 464, I 2  = 0%, low quality evidence) or around the day of embryo transfer (ET) (OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.70, 8 studies, n = 2505, I 2  = 69%, low quality evidence). There was no evidence that acupuncture had any effect on pregnancy or miscarriage rates, or had significant side effects. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence that acupuncture improves live birth or pregnancy rates in assisted conception. Plain language summary Acupuncture and assisted conception Review question: does acupuncture improve the outcomes of assisted reproduction? Background: one in seven couples suffer from subfertility and many will seek help in the form of assisted reproductive technology (ART). Although the use of acupuncture has gained popularity, the use of this traditional Chinese medical treatment in conjunction with ART treatments is still controversial. This review summarised the evidence from well designed studies and evaluated the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture in assisted conception. Search date: the evidence is current to July 2013. Study characteristics: there were 20 randomised controlled studies identified. Six studies compared acupuncture at the time of egg collection (912 women) and 14 studies compared acupuncture in assisted conception (3632 women). The studies were further divided into those which used placebo needles in their control groups versus those that had controls who did not undergo any treatment. All the studies identified involved participants undertaking in vitro fertilization (IVF)
Botulinum toxin A as an adjunct to treatment in the management of the upper limb in children with spastic cerebral palsy (UPDATE); Abstract - Background Cerebral palsy (CP) is "a group of permanent disorders of the development of movement and posture causing activity limitation(s) that are attributed to non‐progressive disturbance that occurred in the developing fetal or infant brain" ( Rosenbaum 2007 , p.9). The spastic motor type is the most common form of CP. Therapeutic management may include splinting/casting, passive stretching, facilitation of posture/movement, spasticity‐reducing medication and surgery. Botulinum toxin‐A (BoNT‐A) is now used as an adjunct to these techniques in an attempt to reduce spasticity, improve range of movement and function. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of injections of BoNT‐A or BoNT‐A and occupational therapy in the treatment of the upper limb in children with CP. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register/CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library, Issue 3, 2008), MEDLINE (1966 to August Week 1 2008), EMBASE (1980 to 2008 Week 28) and CINAHL (1982 to August Week 1 2008). Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing BoNT‐A injection or BoNT‐A injection and occupational therapy in the upper limb(s) with other types of treatment (including no treatment or placebo) in children with CP. Data collection and analysis Two authors using standardised forms extracted the data independently. Each trial was assessed for internal validity and rated for quality using the PEDro scale. Data were extracted and entered into RevMan 5.0.15. Main results Ten trials met the inclusion criteria. PEDro quality ratings ranged from 6/10 to 10/10. Concentration of BoNT‐A ranged from 50U/1.0ml to 200U/1.0ml saline with doses of 0.5U to 16U/kg body weight and total doses of 220 to 410 Units (Botox®). A combination of BoNT‐A and occupational therapy is more effective than occupational therapy alone in reducing impairment, improving activity level outcomes and goal achievement, but not for improving quality of life or perceived self‐competence. When compared with placebo or no treatment, there is moderate evidence that BoNT‐A alone is not effective. Authors' conclusions This systematic review found high level evidence supporting the use of BoNT‐A as an adjunct to managing the upper limb in children with spastic CP. BoNT‐A should not be used in isolation but should be accompanied by planned occupational therapy. Further research is essential to identify children most likely to respond to BoNT‐A injections, monitor longitudinal outcomes, determine timing and effect of repeated injections and the most effective dosage, dilution and volume schedules. The most effective adjunct therapies including frequency and intensity of delivery also requires investigation. Plain language summary There is high level evidence to support the safety and effectiveness of Botulinum toxin ‐A (BoNT‐A) as an adjunct to managing the upper limb in children with cerebral palsy. When injected into muscles BoNT‐A reduces muscle tightness. When used in conjunction with occupational therapy, the aim of BoNT‐A injections in the arms and hands is to improve movement and function in treated limbs. This review demonstrated improvements on a range of measures with the combined treatment. In the absence of significant side effects, injection of BoNT‐A has been identified as a safe and effective treatment for upper limb spasticity when used in combination with occupational therapy in children with cerebral palsy.
Non pharmacological interventions for spasticity in multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Spasticity is commonly experienced by people with multiple sclerosis (MS), and it contributes to overall disability in this population. A wide range of non pharmacological interventions are used in isolation or with pharmacological agents to treat spasticity in MS. Evidence for their effectiveness is yet to be determined.  Objectives To assess the effectiveness of various non pharmacological interventions for the treatment of spasticity in adults with MS. Search methods A literature search was performed using the Specialised Register of the Cochrane Multiple Sclerosis and Rare Diseases of the Central Nervous System Review Group on using the Cochrane MS Group Trials Register which among other sources, contains CENTRAL, Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL, LILACS, PEDRO in June 2012. Manual searching in the relevant journals and screening of the reference lists of identified studies and reviews were carried out. Abstracts published in proceedings of conferences were also scrutinised. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that reported non pharmacological intervention/s for treatment of spasticity in adults with MS and compared them with some form of control intervention (such as sham/placebo interventions or lower level or different types of intervention, minimal intervention, waiting list controls or no treatment
Non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities; Abstract - Background Approximately 30% of patients with epilepsy remain refractory to drug treatment and continue to experience seizures whilst taking one or more antiepileptic drugs (AEDs). Several non‐pharmacological interventions that may be used in conjunction with or as an alternative to AEDs are available for refractory patients. In view of the fact that seizures in people with intellectual disabilities are often complex and refractory to pharmacological interventions, it is evident that good quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are needed to assess the efficacy of alternatives or adjuncts to pharmacological interventions. This is an updated version of the original Cochrane review ( Beavis 2007 ) published in  The Cochrane Library  (2007, Issue 4). Objectives To assess data derived from randomised controlled trials of non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. Non‐pharmacological interventions include, but are not limited to, the following. • Surgical procedures. • Specialised diets, for example, the ketogenic diet, or vitamin and folic acid supplementation. • Psychological interventions for patients or for patients and carers/parents, for example, cognitive‐behavioural therapy (CBT), electroencephalographic (EEG) biofeedback and educational intervention. • Yoga. • Acupuncture. • Relaxation therapy (e.g. music therapy). Search methods For the latest update of this review, we searched the Cochrane Epilepsy Group Specialised Register (19 August 2014), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) via CRSO (19 August 2014), MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 19 August 2014) and PsycINFO (EBSCOhost, 1887 to 19 August 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of non‐pharmacological interventions for people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied the inclusion criteria and extracted study data. Main results One study is included in this review. When two surgical procedures were compared, results indicated that corpus callosotomy with anterior temporal lobectomy was more effective than anterior temporal lobectomy alone in improving quality of life and performance on IQ tests among people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. No evidence was found to support superior benefit in seizure control for either intervention. This is the only study of its kind and was rated as having an overall unclear risk of bias. The previous update (December 2010) identified one RCT in progress. The study authors have confirmed that they are aiming to publish by the end of 2015
Treatment for Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome; Abstract - Background Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS) is an autoimmune disorder of neuromuscular transmission. Treatments attempt to overcome the harmful autoimmune process, or improve residual neuromuscular transmission Objectives The objective was to examine the efficacy of treatment in Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Specialized Register (12 October 2010), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (12 October 2010, Issue 4 2010 in  the Cochrane Library ), MEDLINE (January 1966 to September 2010) and EMBASE (January 1980 to September 2010). Selection criteria All randomised or quasi‐randomised trials of adults and children with a diagnosis of Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome, with or without small‐cell lung cancer, receiving any form of pharmacological or physical treatment. Data collection and analysis All authors independently assessed studies for inclusion and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for missing information when possible. Main results Four controlled trials of 3,4‐diaminopyridine compared with placebo in a total of 54 participants with Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome were eligible: three cross‐over trials and one parallel group. Two were added at this update. One of these trials also assessed pyridostigmine in conjunction with 3,4‐diaminopyridine. A further cross‐over trial compared intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) to placebo in nine participants. Four trials of 3,4‐diaminopyridine reported significant improvement in the primary outcome, muscle strength score, or myometric limb measurement for between hours and a week following treatment, and significant improvement in resting compound muscle action potential (CMAP) amplitude following 3,4‐diaminopyridine, compared with placebo. A meta‐analysis of the primary endpoint showed Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) muscle score assessed between three and eight days was likely to improve by a mean of 2.44 points (95% confidence interval 3.6 to 1.22). Meta‐analysis of the secondary endpoint CMAP amplitude also showed a mean improvement of 1.36 mV (95% confidence interval 0.99 to 1.72) over the same period. The risk of bias was determined to be low, and quality of evidence moderate to high. A single cross‐over trial reported significant improvement in myometric limb strength and non‐significant improvement in mean resting CMAP amplitude with IVIg compared to placebo. Clinical improvement lasted for up to eight weeks. Authors' conclusions Limited but moderate to high quality evidence from randomised controlled trials showed that over days 3,4‐diaminopyridine, or for up to 8 weeks IVIg, improved muscle strength scores and CMAP amplitudes in participants with Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome. There are insufficient data at present to quantify this effect. Other possible treatments have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Plain language summary Treatment for Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS) is a rare disorder of the neuromuscular junction that causes muscle weakness (most commonly in the upper arms and legs). It is an autoimmune disease in which the body's own antibodies prevent the release of the chemical acetylcholine. This interferes with transmission of nerve impulses to the muscles. One of the main treatments is 3,4‐diaminopyridine which increases the release of acetylcholine. Four small randomised controlled trials involving 54 participants in total showed that 3,4‐diaminopyridine improves muscle strength. This was determined by measuring the compound muscle action potential (CMAP) which is a test that records the amount of electrical activity generated in a muscle when it is stimulated by its nerve. Although the number of trials is relatively small, the quality of evidence from these trials is moderate to high, which supports the findings of this review. The changes are measured over days only. A single trial involving nine participants showed that intravenous immunoglobulin also improved muscle strength up to 8 weeks from treatment. Other possible treatments such as plasma exchange, steroids and immunosuppressive agents have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. Further trials of these treatments are needed.
Chinese herbal medicine suxiao jiuxin wan for angina pectoris; Abstract - Background Suxiao jiuxin wan is widely used in China for angina pectoris. Objectives The objective of this review is to determine the effects (benefits and harms) of suxiao jiuxin wan in the treatment of angina pectoris. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials on  The Cochrane Library  (issue 4 2005), Medline (1995 to 2005), EMBASE (1995 to 2005), the Register of Chinese trials developed by the Chinese Cochrane Centre (to 2006), and the Chinese Biomedical Database (1995 to 2005), and handsearched 83 Chinese journals. We also searched reference lists, databases of ongoing trials and the Internet. Date of last search: November 2005. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of suxiao jiuxin wan compared to standard treatment in people with angina. Studies with a treatment duration > 4 weeks were included. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently applied the inclusion criteria, assessed trial quality and extracted the data. Main results Fifteen trials involving 1776 people were included. There was weak evidence that suxiao jiuxin wan compared with nitroglyerin (xiaoxintong) improved ECG measurements (RR 1.16, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.27), reduced symptoms (RR 1.09, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.13), reduced the frequency of acute attacks of angina (difference in means ‐0.70, 95% CI ‐0.90 to ‐0.50), reduced diastolic pressure (difference in means ‐3mmHg, 95% CI ‐5.73 to ‐0.27) and reduced the need for supplementary nitroglycerin (difference in means of ‐0.60, 95% CI ‐0.94 to ‐0.26). There was also weak evidence that suxiao jiuxin wan compared with  Salvia miltiorrhiza  (danshen) reduced symptoms (RR 1.21, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.31) and improved ECG measurements (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.84). There was no significant difference when comparing suxiao jiuxin wan with isosorbide dinitrate (xiaosuanyishanlizhi) both for ECG improvement (RR 1.34, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.98) and for symptom improvement (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.43). Authors' conclusions Suxiao jiuxin wan appears to be effective in the treatment of angina pectoris and no serious side effects were identified. However, the evidence remains weak due to poor methodological quality of including studies. Plain language summary Chinese herbal medicine suxiao jiuxin wan for angina pectoris Angina pectoris is pain or discomfort within the chest, typically provoked by exertion or anxiety. Angina is a sign that someone is at increased risk of heart attack, cardiac arrest or sudden cardiac death. The aim of treatment for angina is to control the symptoms and prevent a cardiovascular event such as a heart attack. In western medicine, treatment is usually with beta blockers, calcium channel blockers and nitrates (nitroglycerin). Suxiao jiuxin wan is widely used in China in conjunction with these western treatments. This review found weak evidence to suggest suxiao jiuxin wan alone or in combination with other anti‐anginal drugs reduces the symptoms of angina. However, because of the quality of the research, the role of suxiao jiuxin wan is uncertain and more high quality trials are required to assess the effects of suxiao jiuxin wan in the long term.
Skin grafting for venous leg ulcers; Abstract - Background Venous leg ulceration is a recurrent, chronic, disabling condition. It affects up to one in 100 people at some time in their lives. Standard treatments are simple dressings and compression bandages or stockings. Sometimes, despite treatment, ulcers remain open for months or years. Sometimes skin grafts are used to stimulate healing. These may be taken, or grown into a dressing, from the patient's own uninjured skin (autografts), or applied as a sheet of bioengineered skin grown from donor cells (allograft). Preserved skin from other animals, such as pigs, has also been used (xenografts). Objectives To assess the effect of skin grafts for treating venous leg ulcers. Search methods For this update we modified the search strategies and conducted searches of The Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (searched 27 July 2012)
Habit retraining for the management of urinary incontinence in adults; Abstract - Background Habit retraining is a form of toileting assistance given by a caregiver to adults with urinary incontinence. It involves the identification of an incontinent person's natural voiding pattern and the development of an individualised toileting schedule, which pre‐empts involuntary bladder emptying. Objectives To assess the effects of habit retraining for the management of urinary incontinence in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Register (2 April 2009), MEDLINE (January 1966 to February 2004), EMBASE (1980 to May 2002), CINAHL (January 1982‐February 2001), PsycINFO (January 1972‐July 2002), Biological Abstracts, Current Contents and the reference lists of relevant articles. We also contacted experts in the field, searched relevant websites and handsearched journals and conference proceedings. Selection criteria Selection criteria include all randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing habit retraining delivered either alone or in conjunction with another intervention for urinary incontinence in adults. Data collection and analysis At least two people, working independently, undertook data extraction and quality assessment. We resolved any differences by discussion. Main results Four trials with a total of 378 participants meet the inclusion criteria. Three of these (n = 337) test habit retraining combined with other approaches against usual care (Colling 1992
Non‐invasive ventilation for the management of acute hypercapnic respiratory failure due to exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Abstract - Background Non‐invasive ventilation (NIV) with bi‐level positive airway pressure (BiPAP) is commonly used to treat patients admitted to hospital with acute hypercapnic respiratory failure (AHRF) secondary to an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD). Objectives To compare the efficacy of NIV applied in conjunction with usual care versus usual care involving no mechanical ventilation alone in adults with AHRF due to AECOPD. The aim of this review is to update the evidence base with the goals of supporting clinical practice and providing recommendations for future evaluation and research. Search methods We identified trials from the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of trials (CAGR), which is derived from systematic searches of bibliographic databases including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), the Allied and Complementary Medicine Database (AMED), and PsycINFO, and through handsearching of respiratory journals and meeting abstracts. This update to the original review incorporates the results of database searches up to January 2017. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials that compared usual care plus NIV (BiPAP) versus usual care alone in an acute hospital setting for patients with AECOPD due to AHRF were eligible for inclusion. AHRF was defined by a mean admission pH < 7.35 and mean partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PaCO 2 ) > 45 mmHg (6 kPa). Primary review outcomes were mortality during hospital admission and need for endotracheal intubation. Secondary outcomes included hospital length of stay, treatment intolerance, complications, changes in symptoms, and changes in arterial blood gases. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied the selection criteria to determine study eligibility, performed data extraction, and determined risk of bias in accordance with Cochrane guidelines. Review authors undertook meta‐analysis for data that were both clinically and statistically homogenous, and analysed data as both one overall pooled sample and according to two predefined subgroups related to exacerbation severity (admission pH between 7.35 and 7.30 vs below 7.30) and NIV treatment setting (intensive care unit‐based vs ward‐based). We reported results for mortality, need for endotracheal intubation, and hospital length of stay in a 'Summary of findings' table and rated their quality in accordance with GRADE criteria. Main results We included in the review 17 randomised controlled trials involving 1264 participants. Available data indicate that mean age at recruitment was 66.8 years (range 57.7 to 70.5 years) and that most participants (65%) were male. Most studies (12/17) were at risk of performance bias, and for most (14/17), the risk of detection bias was uncertain. These risks may have affected subjective patient‐reported outcome measures (e.g. dyspnoea) and secondary review outcomes, respectively. Use of NIV decreased the risk of mortality by 46% (risk ratio (RR) 0.54, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.76
Intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis; Abstract - Background Allergic rhinitis and asthma are mediated by similar allergic mechanisms. They may represent two manifestations of the same united airway disease and therefore intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) could improve asthma. Nevertheless none of the asthma guidelines have advocated intranasal corticosteroids for asthma. Objectives To assess the efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids on asthma outcomes in people with rhinitis and asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group trials register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 1, 2003), MEDLINE and reference lists of articles. We also contacted researchers in the field. The last search was conducted in March 2004. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing intranasal corticosteroids to intranasal placebo or to other traditional asthma treatments were included. Intrabronchial corticosteroids were not allowed but a device combining intranasal and intrabronchial corticosteroid was considered as being a primary INCS technique and was therefore also compared to placebo. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Quality assessment for the 14 eligible studies was performed using the Jadad score and by ranking allocation concealment. Statistical analysis for continuous data was done by weighted mean difference or standardised mean difference. Main results Fourteen trials involving 477 people were included. Meta‐analysis for asthma outcomes failed to show a statistically significant benefit of INCS in asthma. However, for symptom scores and forced expiratory volume in one second, the trend favoured a beneficial effect of INCS. For asthma symptom scores (two parallel studies), the standardised mean difference was 0.61 (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.04 to 1.26). Meta‐analysis for forced expiratory volume in one second (five parallel studies) gave a standardised mean difference of 0.31 (95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.65). In the parallel studies, meta‐analysis of peak expiratory flow gave a standardised mean difference of ‐0.10 Litres/min (95% CI ‐0.55 to 0.35) for mean peak flow (three studies). Meta‐analysis for methacholine airway responsiveness (three parallel studies) showed a standardised mean difference of ‐0.20 (‐95% CI 0.64 to 0.24). Authors' conclusions Intranasal corticosteroids were well tolerated. While INCS tended to improve asthma symptoms and forced expiratory volume in one second, the results did not reach significance. The combination of intranasal plus intrabronchial corticosteroids should remain the current clinical practice until more research is done. Plain language summary Intranasal corticosteroids for asthma control in people with coexisting asthma and rhinitis It has been suggested for nearly twenty years that nasal sprays containing corticosteroids might improve asthma outcomes in people suffering from both asthma and rhinitis. Intranasal corticosteroids had few side effects in people with mild asthma, but the improvements in symptoms scores and lung function could have arisen by chance. Intranasal corticosteroids may be a promising alternative treatment for patients with rhinitis and mild asthma. More research is needed before considering changing the current practice of prescribing corticosteroids delivered by oral inhalers for asthma, and by nasal sprays for rhinitis.
Tranexamic acid for the reduction of bleeding during functional endoscopic sinus surgery; Abstract - Background Chronic rhinosinusitis, with or without nasal polyps, can have a major impact on a person's quality of life. Treatment is usually conservative and may include nasal saline, intranasal corticosteroids, antibiotics or systemic corticosteroids. If these treatments fail endoscopic sinus surgery can be considered. During surgery, visibility of the surgical field is important for the identification of important anatomic landmarks and structures that contribute to safety. Impaired visualisation can lead to complications during surgery, inability to complete the operation or a longer duration of surgery. Different methods are used to decrease intraoperative bleeding, including induced hypotension, topical or systemic vasoconstrictors or total intravenous anaesthesia. Another option is tranexamic acid, an antifibrinolytic agent, which can be administered topically or intravenously. Objectives To assess the effects of peri‐operative tranexamic acid versus no therapy or placebo on operative parameters in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis (with or without nasal polyps) who are undergoing functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS). Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Trials Register
Interventions for chronic palmoplantar pustulosis; Abstract - Background Palmoplantar pustulosis is a chronic inflammatory disease in which sterile, relapsing pustules appear on the palms and soles, possibly in conjunction with other symptoms. The previous Cochrane Review on this topic was published in 2006, before biological treatments were extensively used. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for chronic palmoplantar pustulosis to induce and maintain complete remission. Search methods We searched the following databases up to March 2019: Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers and checked the reference lists of the included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Selection criteria We considered RCTs including people with palmoplantar pustulosis or chronic palmoplantar pustular psoriasis assessing topical therapy, systemic therapy, combinations of topical or systemic therapies, or non‐pharmacological therapies compared with placebo, no intervention, or each other. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our outcomes included 'Proportion of participants cleared or almost cleared', 'Proportion of participants with adverse effects serious or severe enough to cause withdrawal', 'Proportion of participants with at least 50% improvement in disease severity', and 'Proportion of participants with adverse effects'. Main results We included 37 studies (1663 participants
Antibiotics for trachoma; Abstract - Background Trachoma is the world's leading infectious cause of blindness. In 1996, WHO launched the Alliance for the Global Elimination of Trachoma by the year 2020, based on the 'SAFE' strategy (surgery, antibiotics, facial cleanliness, and environmental improvement). Objectives To assess the evidence supporting the antibiotic arm of the SAFE strategy by assessing the effects of antibiotics on both active trachoma (primary objective),  Chlamydia trachomatis  infection of the conjunctiva, antibiotic resistance, and adverse effects (secondary objectives). Search methods We searched relevant electronic databases and trials registers. The date of the last search was 4 January 2019. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that satisfied either of two criteria: (a) trials in which topical or oral administration of an antibiotic was compared to placebo or no treatment in people or communities with trachoma, (b) trials in which a topical antibiotic was compared with an oral antibiotic in people or communities with trachoma. We also included studies addressing different dosing strategies in the population.  Data collection and analysis We used standard methods expected by Cochrane. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We identified 14 studies where individuals with trachoma were randomised and 12 cluster‐randomised studies.  Any antibiotic versus control (individuals) Nine studies (1961 participants) randomised individuals with trachoma to antibiotic or control (no treatment or placebo). All of these studies enrolled children and young people with active trachoma. The antibiotics used in these studies included topical (oxy)tetracycline (5 studies), doxycycline (2 studies), and sulfonamides (4 studies). Four studies had more than two study arms. In general these studies were poorly reported, and it was difficult to judge risk of bias. These studies provided low‐certainty evidence that people with active trachoma treated with antibiotics experienced a reduction in active trachoma at three months (risk ratio (RR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69 to 0.89
Paracetamol (acetaminophen) or non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs, alone or combined, for pain relief in acute otitis media in children; Abstract - Background Acute otitis media (AOM) is one of the most common childhood infectious diseases. Pain is the key symptom of AOM and central to children's and parents' experience of the illness. Because antibiotics provide only marginal benefits, analgesic treatment including paracetamol (acetaminophen) and non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is regarded as the cornerstone of AOM management. This is an update of a review first published in 2016. Objectives Our primary objective was to assess the effectiveness of paracetamol (acetaminophen) or NSAIDs, alone or combined, compared with placebo or no treatment in relieving pain in children with AOM. Our secondary objective was to assess the effectiveness of NSAIDs as compared with paracetamol in children with AOM. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Issue 5, April 2023
Antibiotics for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background The clinical presentation of acute chest syndrome is similar whether due to infectious or non‐infectious causes, thus antibiotics are usually prescribed to treat all episodes. Many different pathogens, including bacteria, have been implicated as causative agents of acute chest syndrome. There is no standardized approach to antibiotic therapy and treatment is likely to vary from country to country. Thus, there is a need to identify the efficacy and safety of different antibiotic treatment approaches for people with sickle cell disease suffering from acute chest syndrome. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2007, and most recently updated in 2015. Objectives To determine whether an empirical antibiotic treatment approach (used alone or in combination): 1. is effective for acute chest syndrome compared to placebo or standard treatment
Nebulised hypertonic saline solution for acute bronchiolitis in infants; Abstract - Background Airway oedema (swelling) and mucus plugging are the principal pathological features in infants with acute viral bronchiolitis. Nebulised hypertonic saline solution (≥ 3%) may reduce these pathological changes and decrease airway obstruction. This is an update of a review first published in 2008, and updated in 2010, 2013, and 2017. Objectives To assess the effects of nebulised hypertonic (≥ 3%) saline solution in infants with acute bronchiolitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, MEDLINE Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Embase, CINAHL, LILACS, and Web of Science on 13 January 2022. We also searched the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov on 13 January 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs using nebulised hypertonic saline alone or in conjunction with bronchodilators as an active intervention and nebulised 0.9% saline or standard treatment as a comparator in children under 24 months with acute bronchiolitis. The primary outcome for inpatient trials was length of hospital stay, and the primary outcome for outpatients or emergency department (ED) trials was rate of hospitalisation. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, data extraction, and assessment of risk of bias in included studies. We conducted random‐effects model meta‐analyses using Review Manager 5. We used mean difference (MD), risk ratio (RR), and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) as effect size metrics. Main results We included six new trials (N = 1010) in this update, bringing the total number of included trials to 34, involving 5205 infants with acute bronchiolitis, of whom 2727 infants received hypertonic saline. Eleven trials await classification due to insufficient data for eligibility assessment. All included trials were randomised, parallel‐group, controlled trials, of which 30 were double‐blinded. Twelve trials were conducted in Asia, five in North America, one in South America, seven in Europe, and nine in Mediterranean and Middle East regions. The concentration of hypertonic saline was defined as 3% in all but six trials, in which 5% to 7% saline was used. Nine trials had no funding, and five trials were funded by sources from government or academic agencies. The remaining 20 trials did not provide funding sources. Hospitalised infants treated with nebulised hypertonic saline may have a shorter mean length of hospital stay compared to those treated with nebulised normal (0.9%) saline or standard care (mean difference (MD) −0.40 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) −0.69 to −0.11
Methotrexate for induction of remission in refractory Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Although corticosteroids are effective for induction of remission of Crohn's disease, many patients relapse when steroids are withdrawn or become steroid dependent. Furthermore, corticosteroids exhibit significant adverse effects. The success of methotrexate as a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis led to its evaluation in patients with refractory Crohn's disease. Methotrexate has been studied for induction of remission of refractory Crohn's disease and has become the principal alternative to azathioprine or 6‐mercaptopurine therapy. This systematic review is an update of previously published Cochrane reviews. Objectives The primary objective was to assess the efficacy and safety of methotrexate for induction of remission in patients with active Crohn's disease in the presence or absence of concomitant steroid therapy. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL and the Cochrane IBD/FBD group specialized register from inception to June 9, 2014 for relevant studies. Conference proceedings and reference lists were also searched to identify additional studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials of methotrexate compared to placebo or an active comparator for treatment of active refractory Crohn's disease in adult patients (> 17 years) were considered for inclusion. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was failure to enter remission and withdraw from steroids. Secondary outcomes included adverse events, withdrawal due to adverse events, serious adverse events and quality of life. We calculated the relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for each outcome. Data were analyzed on an intention‐to‐treat basis. The Cochrane risk of bias tool was used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. The GRADE approach was used to assess the overall quality of evidence supporting the primary outcome. Main results Seven studies (495 patients) were included. Four studies were rated as low risk of bias. Three studies were rated as high risk of bias due to open label or single‐blind designs. The seven studies differed with respect to participants, intervention, and outcomes to the extent that meta‐analysis was considered to be inappropriate. GRADE analyses indicated that the quality of evidence was very low to low for most outcomes due to sparse data and inadequate blinding. Three small studies which employed low dose oral methotrexate showed no statistically significant difference in failure to induce remission between methotrexate and placebo or between methotrexate and 6‐mercaptopurine. For the study using 15 mg/week of oral methotrexate 33% (5/15) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 11% (2/18) of placebo patients (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.68 to 13.31). For the study using 12.5 mg/week of oral methotrexate 62% (16/26) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 54% (14/26) of placebo patients (RR 1.14, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.82). This study also had an active comparator arm, 62% (16/26) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 59% (19/32) of 6‐mercaptopurine patients (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.57). For the active comparator study using 15 mg/week oral methotrexate, 20% (3/15) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 6% of 6‐mercaptopurine patients (RR 3.20, 95% CI 0.37 to 27.49). This study also had a 5‐ASA arm and found that methotrexate patients were significantly more likely to enter remission than 5‐ASA patients. Twenty per cent (3/15) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 86% (6/7) of 5‐ASA patients (RR 0.23, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.67). One small study which used a higher dose of intravenous or oral methotrexate (25 mg/week) showed no statistically significant difference between methotrexate and azathioprine. Forty‐four per cent (12/27) of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 37% of azathioprine patients (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.63 to 2.29). Two studies found no statistically significant difference in failure to enter remission between the combination of infliximab and methotrexate and infliximab monotherapy. One small study utilized intravenous methotrexate (20 mg/week) for 5 weeks and then switched to oral (20 mg/week). Forty‐five per cent (5/11) of patients in the combination group failed to enter remission compared to 62% of infliximab patients (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.69). The other study assessing combination therapy utilized subcutaneous methotrexate (maximum dose 25 mg/week). Twenty‐four per cent (15/63) of patients in the combination group failed to enter remission compared to 22% (14/63) of infliximab patients (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.57 to 2.03). A large placebo‐controlled study which employed a high dose of methotrexate intramuscularly showed a statistically significant benefit relative to placebo. Sixty‐one per cent of methotrexate patients failed to enter remission compared to 81% of placebo patients (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.93
Impact of diagnostic strategies for tuberculosis using lateral flow urine lipoarabinomannan assay in people living with HIV; Abstract - Background Tuberculosis is the primary cause of hospital admission in people living with HIV, and the likelihood of death in the hospital is unacceptably high. The Alere Determine TB LAM Ag test (AlereLAM) is a point‐of‐care test and the only lateral flow lipoarabinomannan assay (LF‐LAM) assay currently commercially available and recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO). A 2019 Cochrane Review summarised the diagnostic accuracy of LF‐LAM for tuberculosis in people living with HIV. This systematic review assesses the impact of the use of LF‐LAM (AlereLAM) on mortality and other patient‐important outcomes. Objectives To assess the impact of the use of LF‐LAM (AlereLAM) on mortality in adults living with HIV in inpatient and outpatient settings. To assess the impact of the use of LF‐LAM (AlereLAM) on other patient‐important outcomes in adults living with HIV, including time to diagnosis of tuberculosis, and time to initiation of tuberculosis treatment. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register
Educational interventions for improving primary caregiver complementary feeding practices for children aged 24 months and under; Abstract - Background Although complementary feeding is a universal practice, the methods and manner in which it is practiced vary between cultures, individuals and socioeconomic classes. The period of complementary feeding is a critical time of transition in the life of an infant, and inappropriate complementary feeding practices, with their associated adverse health consequences, remain a significant global public health problem. Educational interventions are widely acknowledged as effective in promoting public health strategy, and those aimed at improving complementary feeding practices provide information about proper complementary feeding practices to caregivers of infants/children. It is therefore important to summarise evidence on the effectiveness of educational interventions to improve the complementary feeding practices of caregivers of infants. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of educational interventions for improving the complementary feeding (weaning) practices of primary caregivers of children of complementary feeding age, and related health and growth outcomes in infants. Search methods In November 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 10 other databases and two trials registers. We also searched the reference lists of relevant studies and reviews to identify any additional studies. We did not limit the searches by date, language or publication status. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), comparing educational interventions to no intervention, usual practice, or educational interventions provided in conjunction with another intervention, so long as the educational intervention was only available in the experimental group and the adjunctive intervention was available to the control group. Study participants included caregivers of infants aged 4 to 24 months undergoing complementary feeding. Pregnant women who were expected to give birth and commence complementary feeding during the period of the study were also included. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data on participants, settings, interventions, methodology and outcomes using a specifically‐developed and piloted data extraction form. We calculated risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for dichotomous data, and mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs for continuous data. Where data permitted, we conducted a meta‐analysis using a random‐effects model. We assessed the included studies for risk of bias and also assessed the quality of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 23 studies (from 35 reports) with a total of 11,170 caregiver‐infant pairs who were randomly assigned to receive an educational intervention delivered to the caregiver or usual care. Nineteen of the included studies were community‐based studies while four were facility‐based studies. In addition, 13 of the included studies were cluster‐randomised while the others were individually randomised. Generally, the interventions were focused on the introduction of complementary feeding at the appropriate time, the types and amount of complementary foods to be fed to infants, and hygiene. Using the GRADE criteria, we assessed the quality of the evidence as moderate, mostly due to inadequate allocation concealment and insufficient blinding. Educational interventions led to improvements in complementary feeding practices for age at introduction of complementary foods (average RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.94
Short‐course versus prolonged‐course antibiotic therapy for hospital‐acquired pneumonia in critically ill adults; Abstract - Background Pneumonia is the most common hospital‐acquired infection affecting patients in the intensive care unit (ICU). However, current national guidelines for the treatment of hospital‐acquired pneumonia (HAP) are several years old and the diagnosis of pneumonia in mechanically ventilated patients (VAP) has been subject to considerable recent attention. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for HAP in the critically ill is uncertain. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of short versus prolonged‐course antibiotics for HAP in critically ill adults, including patients with VAP. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 5), MEDLINE (1946 to June 2015), MEDLINE in‐process and other non‐indexed citations (5 June 2015), EMBASE (2010 to June 2015), LILACS (1982 to June 2015) and Web of Science (1955 to June 2015). Selection criteria We considered all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing a fixed 'short' duration of antibiotic therapy with a 'prolonged' course for HAP (including patients with VAP) in critically ill adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors conducted data extraction and assessment of risk of bias. We contacted trial authors for additional information. Main results We identified six relevant studies involving 1088 participants. This included two new studies published after the date of our previous review (2011). There was substantial variation in participants, in the diagnostic criteria used to define an episode of pneumonia, in the interventions and in the reported outcomes. We found no evidence relating to patients with a high probability of HAP who were not mechanically ventilated. For patients with VAP, overall a short seven‐ or eight‐day course of antibiotics compared with a prolonged 10‐ to 15‐day course increased 28‐day antibiotic‐free days (two studies
Corticosteroids for the treatment of Kawasaki disease in children; Abstract - Background Kawasaki disease (KD), or mucocutaneous syndrome, is the leading cause of childhood‐acquired heart disease in high‐income countries. There is much controversy on how best to treat children with KD and in particular who may benefit from additional treatment beyond the standard intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and aspirin, such as the addition of corticosteroids. This is an update of the review first published in 2017. Objectives To assess the impact of corticosteroid use on the incidence of coronary artery abnormalities in KD as either first‐line or second‐line treatment. Search methods The Cochrane Vascular Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Vascular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL and two trials registers to 8 February 2021. We searched the reference lists of relevant articles for additional studies. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials involving children with all severities of KD who were treated with corticosteroids, including different types of corticosteroids, different durations of treatment, and where corticosteroids were used alone or in conjunction with other accepted KD treatments. We included trials using corticosteroids for both first‐ and second‐line treatment. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed study quality and extracted data using standard Cochrane methods. We performed fixed‐effect model meta‐analyses with odds ratios (ORs) or mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We used a random‐effects model when there was heterogeneity. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. The outcomes of interest were incidence of coronary artery abnormalities, serious adverse events, mortality, duration of acute symptoms (such as fever), time for laboratory parameters to normalise, length of hospital stay and longer‐term coronary morbidity. Main results This update identified one new study, therefore the analysis included eight trials consisting of 1877 participants. Seven trials investigated the use of corticosteroids in first‐line treatment and one investigated second‐line treatment. The trials were all of good methodological quality. On pooled analysis, corticosteroid treatment reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.75
Antiretroviral interventions for preventing breast milk transmission of HIV; Abstract - Background An estimated 260,000 children under the age of 15 years acquired HIV infection in 2012. As much as 42% of mother‐to‐child transmission is related to breastfeeding. Antiretroviral prophylaxis for mothers or infants has the potential to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV through breast milk. Objectives To determine which antiretroviral prophylactic regimens are efficacious and safe for reducing mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV through breastfeeding and thereby avert child morbidity and mortality. Search methods Using Cochrane Collaboration search methods in conjunction with appropriate search terms, we identified relevant studies from January 1, 1994 to January 14, 2014 by searching databases including Cochrane CENTRAL, EMBASE and PubMed, LILACS, and Web of Science/Web of Social Science. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials in which HIV‐infected mothers breastfed their infants, and in which the mothers used antiretroviral prophylaxis while breastfeeding their children or their children received antiretroviral prophylaxis for at least four weeks while breastfeeding, were included. Data collection and analysis Abstracts of all trials identified were examined independently by two authors. We identified 15,922 references and examined 81 in detail. Data were abstracted independently using a standardized form. Main results Seven RCTs were included in the review. One trial compared triple antiretroviral prophylaxis during pregnancy and breastfeeding with short antiretroviral prophylaxis to given to the mother to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV. At 12 months, the risks of HIV transmission, and of HIV transmission or death, were lower, but there was no difference in infant mortality alone in the triple arm versus the short arm. Using the GRADE methodology, evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared six months of breastfeeding using zidovudine, lamivudine, and lopinavir/ritonavir versus zidovudine, lamivudine, and abacavir from 26‐34 weeks gestation. At six months, there was no difference in risk of infant HIV infection, infant death, or infant HIV infection or death between the two groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low to low. One trial of single dose nevirapine versus six weeks of infant zidovudine found the risk of HIV infection at 12 weeks to be greater in the zidovudine arm than in the single dose nevirapine arm. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low. One multi‐country trial compared single dose nevirapine and six weeks of infant nevirapine. After 12 months, infants in the extended nevirapine group had a lower risk of infant mortality compared with the control. There was no difference in the risk of HIV infection or death or in HIV transmission alone in the extended nevirapine group compared with the control. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared single dose nevirapine plus one week zidovudine
Topical mydriatics as adjunctive therapy for traumatic iridocyclitis; Abstract - Background Traumatic eye complaints account for 3% of all hospital emergency department visits. The most common traumatic injury to the eye is blunt trauma, which accounts for 30% of these visits. Blunt trauma frequently leads to traumatic iridocyclitis, thus causing anterior uveitis. Iridocyclitis frequently causes tearing, photophobia, eye pain, and vision loss. These symptoms are a result of the inflammatory processes and ciliary spasms to iris muscles and sphincter. The inflammatory process is usually managed with topical corticosteroids, while the ciliary spasm is blunted by dilating the pupils with topical mydriatic agents, an adjuvant therapy. However, the effectiveness of mydriatic agents has not been quantified in terms of reduction of ocular pain and visual acuity loss. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of topical mydriatics as adjunctive therapy to topical corticosteroids for traumatic iridocyclitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register (2019, issue 6)
Irrigants for non‐surgical root canal treatment in mature permanent teeth; Abstract - Background Root canal treatment is carried out on teeth in which irreversible pulpitis has led to necrosis of the dental pulp. As a treatment option it is an alternative to dental extraction. Mechanical preparation and irrigation with antiseptic or antibacterial solutions destroys bacteria and cleans the infected root canal. Irrigants should be effective in deactivating bacteria in the entire root canal space without causing any adverse tissue reactions. Sodium hypochlorite (NaOCl) and chlorhexidine are commonly used but there is uncertainty as to which solution, concentration or combination is the most effective. Objectives To assess the effects of irrigants used in the non‐surgical root canal treatment of mature permanent teeth. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Oral Health Group's Trials Register (to 5 July 2012), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 4), MEDLINE via Ovid (1950 to 5 July 2012), EMBASE via Ovid (1980 to 5 July 2012), LILACS via BIREME (1980 to 5 July 2012). There were no restrictions regarding language or date of publication. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in single or multi‐rooted permanent teeth with pulpal or periapical pathology or both, which require root canal treatment. Irrigants either against each other or against inactive irrigant or placebo. Combinations of irrigants were allowed and if used in conjunction with EDTA (ethylenediaminetetra‐acetic acid) or similar chelating agents. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed risk of bias of included trials and extracted data. Main results We included 11 trials involving 851 participants with 879 teeth which had undergone root canal treatment and involved the use of irrigants. Two trials were assessed as being at low risk of bias, with six unclear and three high. Four trials compared sodium hypochlorite versus chlorhexidine, however, no primary outcomes and only one secondary outcome, bacterial growth cultures, was reported for two of these trials (20% and 50% of teeth in the control group had positive bacterial culture). The meta‐analysis indicated no strong evidence of a difference in the existence of bacterial growth between the interventions (risk ratio 0.73
Fertility awareness‐based methods for contraception; Abstract - Background 'Fertility awareness‐based methods' of family planning "involve identification of the fertile days of the menstrual cycle, whether by observing fertility signs such as cervical secretions and basal body temperature, or by monitoring cycle days. Fertility awareness‐based methods can be used in combination with abstinence or barrier methods during the fertile time" (WHO 2000). Several names have been used to describe this approach to contraception, including 'rhythm,' 'natural family planning' and 'periodic abstinence.' Fertility awareness‐based methods can be used with abstinence from sexual intercourse. Alternatively, they can be used with barrier contraceptives or withdrawal during presumed fertile times. Objectives We retrieved and analyzed all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that examined any fertility awareness‐based methods used for contraception. Search methods In February 2012, we searched the computerized databases CENTRAL, MEDLINE, POPLINE, and LILACS for randomized controlled trials of fertility awareness‐based methods. We also searched for trials in ClinicalTrials.gov and ICTRP. Previous searches also included EMBASE. For the initial review, we examined the reference lists of trial reports as well as that of review articles. Selection criteria We included all RCTs in any language that compared any fertility awareness‐based methods for contraception with a placebo
Multidisciplinary rehabilitation following botulinum toxin and other focal intramuscular treatment for post‐stroke spasticity; Abstract - Background Spasticity may affect stroke survivors by contributing to activity limitations, caregiver burden, pain and reduced quality of life (QoL). Spasticity management guidelines recommend multidisciplinary (MD) rehabilitation programmes following botulinum toxin (BoNT) treatment for post‐stroke spasticity. However, the evidence base for the effectiveness of MD rehabilitation is unclear. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of MD rehabilitation, following BoNT and other focal intramuscular treatments such as phenol, in improving activity limitations and other outcomes in adults and children with post‐stroke spasticity. To explore what settings, types and intensities of rehabilitation programmes are effective. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (February 2012), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 12), MEDLINE (1948 to December 2011), EMBASE (1980 to January 2012), CINAHL (1982 to January 2012), AMED (1985 to January 2012), LILACS (1982 to September 2012), PEDro, REHABDATA and OpenGrey (September 2012). In an effort to identify further published, unpublished and ongoing trials we searched trials registries and reference lists, handsearched journals and contacted authors. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared MD rehabilitation (delivered by two or more disciplines in conjunction with medical input) following BoNT and other focal intramuscular treatments for post‐stroke spasticity with placebo, routinely available local services, or lower levels of intervention
Over‐the‐counter (OTC) medications to reduce cough as an adjunct to antibiotics for acute pneumonia in children and adults; Abstract - Background Cough is often distressing for patients with pneumonia. Accordingly they often use over‐the‐counter (OTC) cough medications (mucolytics or cough suppressants). These might provide relief in reducing cough severity, but suppression of the cough mechanism might impede airway clearance and cause harm. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy of OTC cough medications as an adjunct to antibiotics in children and adults with pneumonia. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 12, MEDLINE (January 1966 to January week 2, 2014), OLDMEDLINE (1950 to 1965), EMBASE (1980 to January 2014), CINAHL (2009 to January 2014), LILACS (2009 to January 2014) and Web of Science (2009 to January 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in children and adults comparing any type of OTC cough medication with placebo, or control medication, with cough as an outcome and where the cough is secondary to acute pneumonia. Data collection and analysis We independently selected trials for inclusion. We extracted data from these studies, assessed them for methodological quality without disagreement and analyzed them using standard methods. Main results There are no new trials to include in this review update. Previously, four studies with a total of 224 participants were included
Lasers or light sources for treating port‐wine stains; Abstract - Background Port‐wine stains are birthmarks caused by malformations of blood vessels in the skin. Port‐wine stains manifest themselves in infancy as a flat, red mark and do not regress spontaneously but may, if untreated, become darker and thicker in adult life. The profusion of various lasers and light sources makes it difficult to decide which equipment is the best for treating port‐wine stains. Objectives To study participant satisfaction, clinical efficacy, and adverse effects of the treatment of port‐wine stains by lasers and light sources. Search methods We searched the following databases up to April 2010: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Clinical Trials) in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (from 2005), EMBASE (from 2007), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Science Information database, from 1982), and reference lists of articles. We also searched online trials registries for ongoing trials and contacted trial authors where appropriate. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials (RCTs) of lasers or light sources for the treatment of port‐wine stains. Data collection and analysis Our outcomes of interest were participant satisfaction, reduction in redness of the port‐wine stain as determined by clinical evaluation, and short‐ and long‐term adverse effects of the treatments. Three authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality. Main results We included 5 RCTs involving a total of 103 participants
Benzodiazepines for catatonia in people with schizophrenia or other serious mental illnesses; Abstract - Background Catatonia is a debilitating disorder of movement and volition associated with schizophrenia and some other mental illnesses. People with catatonia are more likely to require hospitalisation and highly supervised care than those without the disorder. They also have an increased risk of secondary complications such as pneumonia, malnutrition and dehydration. The mainstay of treatment has been drug therapies and electroconvulsive therapy. Objectives To compare the effects of benzodiazepines with other drugs, placebo or electroconvulsive therapy for catatonia in people with schizophrenia or other similar serious mental illnesses (SMIs). Search methods We updated our previous search (28 February 2007) by searching the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Study‐Based Register of Trials (9 November 2016
Massage therapy for people with HIV/AIDS; Abstract - Background Infection with human immunodeficency virus (HIV) and acquired immunodeficency syndrome (AIDS) is a pandemic that has affected millions of people globally. Although major research and clinical initiatives are addressing prevention and cure strategies, issues of quality of life for survivors have received less attention. Massage therapy is proposed to have a positive effect on quality of life and may also have a positive effect on immune function through stress mediation. Objectives The objective of this systematic review was to examine the safety and effectiveness of massage therapy on quality of life, pain and immune system parameters in people living with HIV/AIDS. Search methods A comprehensive search strategy was devised incorporating appropriate terms for HIV/AIDS, randomised controlled trials (RCTs), massage therapy and the pertinent measures of benefit. All electronic databases identified were searched in November 2008, including Cochrane Group Trials Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, SCIENCE CITATION INDEX, AIDSLINE, AIDSearch, CINAHL, HEALTHSTAR, PsycLIT, AMED, Current Contents, AMI, NLM GATEWAY, LILACS, IndMed, SOCIOFILE, SCI, SSCI, ERIC and DAI. We also reviewed relevant published and unpublished conference abstracts and proceedings and scrutinised reference lists from pertinent journals. There were no language or date restrictions. Selection criteria Studies were identified by two reviewers based on trial design (RCTs) and participants (ie, people of any age with HIV/AIDS, at any stage of the disease) who had undergone an intervention that included massage therapy for the identified aims of improving quality of life and activity and participation levels, improving immune function, reducing pain and improving other physiological or psychological impairments. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently identified included studies and extracted relevant data. Two other reviewers independently reviewed the included studies for risk of bias. All data and risk of bias judgements were entered into Revman (v5) and meta‐analyses were conducted where appropriate. Main results Twelve papers were identified, from which four were included. The remaining eight papers were excluded predominantly due to inappropriate methodology. The four included studies were highly clinically heterogenous, investigating a range of age groups (ie, children, adolescents and adults) across the disease spectrum from early HIV through late‐stage AIDS. The settings were either community or palliative care, and the outcome measures were a combination of quality of life and immunological function. The trials were judged to be at moderate risk of bias mostly because of incomplete reporting. For quality of life measures, the studies reported that massage therapy in combination with other modalities, such as meditation and stress reduction, are superior to massage therapy alone or to the other modalities alone. The quality of life domains with significant effect sizes included self‐reported reduced use of health care resources, improvement in self‐perceived spiritual quality of life and improvement in total quality of life scores. One study also reported positive changes in immune function, in particular CD4+ cell count and natural killer cell counts, due to massage therapy, and one study reported no difference between people given massage therapy and controls in immune parameters. Adverse or harmful effects were not well reported. Authors' conclusions There is some evidence to support the use of massage therapy to improve quality of life for people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA), particularly in combination with other stress‐management modalities, and that massage therapy may have a positive effect on immunological function. The trials are small, however, and at moderate risk of bias. Further studies are needed using larger sample sizes and rigorous design/reporting before massage therapy can be strongly recommended for PLWHA. Plain language summary Massage therapy for people with HIV/AIDS People living with HIV/AIDS may experience a lower quality of life due to complications of the disease. Massage therapy may help people by improving their overall health and their ability to deal with stress. We systematically investigated studies that have compared massage therapy with other forms of therapy or no therapy. We found four randomised controled trials that used massage therapy with children, adolescents or adults with HIV or late‐stage AIDS. This review of the literature supports that massage therapy can benefit people with HIV/AIDS by improving quality of life, particularly if they receive the therapy in conjunction with other techniques, such as meditation and relaxation training, and provide more benefit than any one of these techniques individually. Furthermore, it may be that massage therapy can improve their body's ability to fight the disease
Nidotherapy for people with schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Nidotherapy is a therapeutic method that principally aims to modify the environment of people with schizophrenia and other serious mental illnesses, whilst working in conjunction with, or alongside other treatments. Rather than focusing on direct treatments or interventions, the aim is to help the individual identify the need for, and work to effect environmental change with the aim of minimising the impact of any form of mental disorder on the individual and society. Objectives To review the effects of nidotherapy added to standard care, compared with standard care or no treatment for people with schizophrenia or related disorders. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials Register (December 2011) and supplemented this by contacting relevant study authors, handsearching nidotherapy articles and manually searching reference lists. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared nidotherapy with standard care or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We independently selected and quality assessed potential trials. We reliably extracted data. We calculated risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of homogeneous dichotomous data. Scale data were only extracted from valid scales. For non‐skewed continuous endpoint data, we estimated mean difference (MD) between groups. Skewed data have been presented in the Data and analyses as 'other data', with acknowledged means and standard deviations. We assessed risk of bias for the included study and used GRADE to create a 'Summary of findings' table. Main results We included only one study that compared nidotherapy‐enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants)
Chinese herbal medicine for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) was the main form of treatment in China for psychiatric illnesses until the development of antipsychotic drugs in the 1950's. Antipsychotic drugs have become the primary intervention for schizophrenia, although herbal medicines can still form part of the treatment. Objectives To review Chinese herbal medicine, used alone or as part of a TCM approach, for people with schizophrenia and related psychoses. Search methods We undertook electronic searches of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's register (December 2003), the Traditional Chinese Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval Database (TCMLARS) (October 2003), Chinese Biomedical Database (CBM) (December 2003), China National Knowledge Infrastructure Database (May 2004), Complementary Medicine Database (AMED) (December 2003). We contacted the Chinese Cochrane Centre, the Cochrane Complementary Medicine Field and first authors of included studies and inspected reference lists for additional studies. Selection criteria We included all relevant randomised controlled trials involving people with schizophrenia‐like illnesses, allocated to Chinese herbal medicine, including any Chinese herbs (single or mixture), compared with placebo/no treatment or antipsychotic drugs. We updated this search July 2012 and added 45 new trials to the awaiting classification section. Data collection and analysis We independently extracted data and calculated fixed effects relative risk (RR), the 95% confidence intervals (CI) for homogeneous dichotomous data, and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat (NNT) on an intention‐to‐treat basis. For continuous data, we calculated weighted mean differences (WMD). Main results Only one small trial of the seven included studies truly evaluated TCM for schizophrenia. The other trials evaluated Chinese herbs for schizophrenia. We found one study comparing Chinese herbal medicine with antipsychotic drugs. Data for the global state outcome 'no change/worse' favoured people allocated to antipsychotic medication (n=90, RR 1.88 CI 1.2 to 2.9, NNH 4 CI 2 to 12). Six trials compared Chinese herbal medicine in combination with antipsychotic with antipsychotic drugs alone. One trial found global state 'not improved/worse' favoured the herbal medicine/antipsychotic combination (n=123, RR 0.19 CI 0.1 to 0.6, NNT 6 CI 5 to 11). Two studies (n=103) also found short‐term data from the Clinical Global Impression scale favoured the herbal medicine plus antipsychotic group (WMD ‐0.46 CI ‐0.9 to ‐0.1) compared with those given only antipsychotics. Significantly fewer people in the experimental group left the study early compared with those given antipsychotics alone (n=1004, 6 RCTs, RR 0.30 CI 0.16 to 0.58, NNT 21 CI 18 to 35). Reports of constipation were significantly lower in the treatment group compared to those receiving antipsychotics (n=67, 1 RCT, RR 0.03 CI 0.0 to 0.5, NNH 2 CI 2 to 4). Authors' conclusions Chinese herbal medicines, given in a Western biomedical context, may be beneficial for people with schizophrenia when combined with antipsychotics. Traditional Chinese medicine is also under‐evaluated, but results from one pioneering study that attempted to evaluate TCM should encourage further trials. Note: the 45 citations in the awaiting classification section of the review may alter the conclusions of the review once assessed. Plain language summary Chinese herbal medicine for schizophrenia Antipsychotic medication is the mainstay of treatment for people with schizophrenia, and although effective, still leaves some people with distressing symptoms and/or disabling adverse effects. Safer and more effective health care interventions are needed. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) has been used to treat mental health disorders, including schizophrenia, for more than 2000 years. Chinese herbs may also have antipsychotic properties when used in a Western biomedical context. In this review we sought and found trials relevant to the effects of both approaches for schizophrenia. Traditional Chinese medicine methodology has been evaluated for schizophrenia, but the one included study was too limited in terms of sample size and study length to guide good practice. However, this pioneering study does show that TCM can be evaluated for its efficacy for people with schizophrenia , and should encourage trialists to undertake further, more comprehensive trials in this area. The use of Chinese herbs in a Western medicine context, without incorporating TCM methodology, has been evaluated in six trials, although again these are limited by their sample size and study length. The results of these six trials suggest that using Chinese herbs alone for psychotic symptoms may not be indicated, but if used in conjunction with Western antipsychotic drugs, they may be beneficial in terms of mental state, global functioning and decrease of adverse effects. However, further trials are needed before the effects of TCM for people with schizophrenia can be evaluated with any real confidence.
Weight loss interventions for chronic asthma; Abstract - Background Asthma and obesity are both public health problems with increasing prevalence globally. Several epidemiological studies have shown an association between asthma and obesity, however there is no good quality evidence on the effect of weight loss on asthma control. Objectives To assess the effect of various interventions for weight loss on measures of asthma control and weight loss amongst overweight or obese patients with chronic asthma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group's Specialized Register of Trials (CAGR) (derived from systematic searches of bibliographic databases, including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library ), MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, AMED and PsycINFO, and handsearching of respiratory journals and meeting abstracts). We also searched ongoing trials web sites and dissertation databases up to March 2012. We contacted experts in the field and searched reference lists for additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of weight loss interventions for overweight or obese participants with asthma compared to either no intervention for weight loss or an alternative weight loss intervention. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed study eligibility and risk of bias, and extracted data using a data extraction form. We did not undertake any meta‐analysis as there were no suitable data to combine. Main results We included four completed studies conducted amongst adults (n = 197). Two were published as abstracts, and two as full articles. Interventions included supervised physical activity, low calorie diet and anti‐obesity drugs (singly or in combination), and were compared to usual care (two studies), low calorie diet (one study), while one study had three intervention arms (physical activity versus low calorie diet versus a combination of the two). Two studies were conducted in high‐income countries, while two were conducted in upper, middle‐income countries. All studies had an unclear risk of selection and a high risk of detection bias. One of the studies found a statistically significant reduction in symptoms scores in treatment compared to control groups: the difference between groups in total St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) score was −10 units (95% CI ‐18 to−1
Chinese medicinal herbs to treat the side‐effects of chemotherapy in breast cancer patients; Abstract - Background Short term side‐effects of chemotherapy include fatigue, nausea, vomiting, mucositis and myelosuppression or neutropenia. These occur during the course of treatment and generally resolve within months of completion of chemotherapy. A variety of Chinese medicinal herbs have been used for managing these side effects. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of Chinese medicinal herbs in alleviating chemotherapy‐induced short term side effects in breast cancer patients. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Breast Cancer Specialised Register (15/02/2007), The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL)
Effects of glucocorticoids on radiological progression in rheumatoid arthritis; Abstract - Background Glucocorticoid use in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is widespread. Two Cochrane Reviews have been published examining the short term clinical benefit of low dose glucocorticoids compared to non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs and demonstrate good short term and medium term clinical benefits. The possibility that glucocorticoids may have a fundamental 'disease modifying' effect in RA, which would be seen by a reduction in the rate of radiological progression, has been raised by several authors. Objectives To perform a systematic review of studies evaluating glucocorticoid efficacy in inhibiting the progression of radiological damage in rheumatoid arthritis. Search methods A search of MEDLINE (from 1966 to 22 February 2005) and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was undertaken, using the terms 'corticosteroids' and 'rheumatoid arthritis' expanded according to the Cochrane Collaboration recommendations. Identified abstracts were reviewed and appropriate reports obtained in full. Additional reports were identified from the reference lists and from expert knowledge. Selection criteria Randomized controlled or cross‐over trials in adults with a diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis in which prednisone or a similar glucocorticoid preparation was compared to either placebo controls or active controls (i.e. comparative studies) and where there was evaluation of radiographs of hands, or hands and feet, or feet by any standardised technique. Eligible studies had at least one treatment arm with glucocorticoids and one without glucocorticoids. Data collection and analysis Standardised data extraction obtained the mean and standard deviation (SD) of change in erosion scores over 1 year or 2 years. (Where SD for change was not given a conservative estimate was taken from baseline data.) At least two authors selected the studies and extracted the data. Radiographic erosion scores were expressed as a percentage of the maximum possible score for the method used. The results were pooled after weighting in a random effects model to provide a standardised mean difference (SMD). Main results The initial search produced 217 citations, and 15 were added from experts, abstracts and review of reference lists. Authors of 4 trials being prepared for publication (and subsequently published) kindly shared their data. After application of eligibility criteria 15 studies and 1,414 patients were included. The majority of trials studied early RA (disease duration up to 2 years), and the mean cumulative dose of glucocorticoid was 2,300 mg prednisone equivalent (range 270 mg ‐ 5,800 mg) over the first year. Glucocorticoids were mostly added to other disease modifying anti‐rheumatoid drug (DMARD) treatment. The standardised mean difference in progression was 0.40 in favour of glucocorticoids (95% CI 0.27, 0.54). In studies lasting 2 years (806 patients included), the standardised mean difference in progression in favour of glucocorticoids at 1 year was 0.45 (0.24, 0.66) and at 2 years was 0.42 (0.30, 0.55). All studies except one showed a numerical treatment effect in favour of glucocorticoids. The beneficial effects of glucocorticoids were generally achieved when used in conjunction with other DMARD treatment. Authors' conclusions Even in the most conservative estimate, the evidence that glucocorticoids given in addition to standard therapy can substantially reduce the rate of erosion progression in rheumatoid arthritis is convincing. There remains concern about potential long‐term adverse reactions to glucocorticoid therapy, such as increased cardiovascular risk, and this issue requires further research. Plain language summary Glucocorticoids for rheumatoid arthritis This summary of a Cochrane review presents what we know from research about the effect of low dose glucocorticoid pills, such as prednisone, on the progress of rheumatoid arthritis. The review shows that: In people with rheumatoid arthritis, low dose glucocorticoid pills: ‐ reduce the progression of the disease on x‐rays over 1 to 2 years. This result is based on high quality evidence. This benefit occurred in people already taking a disease‐modifying anti‐rheumatoid drug (DMARD) and therefore this benefit is over and above any benefits from the DMARDs.     These results were true in people that had rheumatoid arthritis for less than 2 years. It seems likely that glucocorticoids would have the same effect in people who have had rheumatoid for 3 to 4 years, but it is not known whether this is true in people who have had it for longer. The long term effects of glucocorticoids are not known. What is rheumatoid arthritis and why use glucocorticoids?    Rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the body's immune system attacks its own healthy tissues. The attack happens mostly in the joints (especially in the hands and feet) and causes redness, pain, swelling and heat in the joint (inflammation). Glucocorticoids are also known as glucocorticosteroids, or sometimes just 'steroids', although there are many other types of steroids. They are taken as pills for up to 7 months and have already been shown to improve the symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis. There is however still some concern about the long term harms, such as heart problems, when taking glucocorticoids. Rheumatoid arthritis also breaks down and erodes away the cartilage and bones in the affected joints. This erosion cannot be seen and is measured by x‐rays. More erosion on an x‐ray usually means that the disease is progressing or worsening. There is some debate about whether glucocorticoids can slow the erosion and the progression of the disease. What are the effects of glucocorticoids on the progress of rheumatoid arthritis?    The studies looked at people who had rheumatoid for up to 2 years. Low doses of glucocorticoid pills were taken and usually with a disease‐modifying anti‐rheumatoid drug (DMARD). Glucocorticoids reduce progression of the disease on x‐rays over 1 to 2 years. This result is based on high quality evidence. Harms were not reviewed. We often do not have precise information about side effects and complications. This is particularly true for rare but serious side effects and long term side effects. Low doses of glucocorticoids may not lead to side effects, but possible side effects may include osteoporosis or heart problems.
Nitrous oxide‐based versus nitrous oxide‐free general anaesthesia and accidental awareness during general anaesthesia in surgical patients; Abstract - Background Accidental awareness during general anaesthesia (AAGA) is when a patient unintentionally becomes conscious during a procedure performed with general anaesthesia and subsequently has explicit recall of this event. Incidence estimates for AAGA vary, with the most common estimate being one to two cases per 1000 general anaesthetics. Evidence linking nitrous oxide use and an increased risk of AAGA has come from observational studies data but the literature is contradictory, with some studies finding a protective effect of nitrous oxide. Objectives To assess the effect of general anaesthesia including nitrous oxide on the risk of AAGA in patients aged five years and over. Search methods We searched the following databases: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE and trial registers (( www.clinicaltrials.gov ), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( www.who.int/ictrp/network/en/ ) and Current Controlled Trials ( www.isrctn.com/ )) for eligible studies on December 9 2015. In addition, we conducted forward and backward citation searching using key identified papers. Selection criteria We considered all randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including quasi‐randomized studies and cluster‐randomized studies, of participants aged five years or older receiving general anaesthesia for any type of surgery. We included trials in which participants receiving general anaesthesia that included nitrous oxide for maintenance at a concentration of at least 30% were compared with participants receiving no nitrous oxide during general anaesthesia. The intervention group must have received nitrous oxide in conjunction with an additional anaesthetic. We excluded studies where the depth of anaesthesia differed between the study arms. For inclusion in the review, studies needed to state in their methods that they planned to assess AAGA. We defined this as when a patient becomes conscious during a procedure performed with general anaesthesia and subsequently has explicit recall of this event. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane to identify studies. We extracted data and conducted 'Risk of bias' assessment using the Covidence database. Main results We included 15 studies. The total number of participants included in the analyses was 3520. Most studies were small with fewer than 120 participants, although two larger studies with 2012 and 671 participants were included. There was considerable variation in many of the study characteristics, including the anaesthetics used. The concentrations of nitrous oxide varied between 50% and 70%, and half of the studies used clinical signs and haemodynamic changes to monitor depth of anaesthesia. As it was not possible to blind the anaesthetist to the anaesthetic used, we rated all studies at high risk of performance bias and we therefore downgraded the quality of evidence by one level for risk of bias using the GRADE approach. Other types of bias were generally low, or were rated unclear due to missing information. No studies were designed to measure AAGA as the primary outcome, and were therefore statistically underpowered to answer this review question. Despite the inclusion of 3520 participants, only three awareness events were reported by two studies. In one study the event was due to technical failure. Due to the rarity of the events, we did not consider it appropriate to pool the data, and we therefore downgraded the quality of evidence by a further level for imprecision using GRADE. Authors' conclusions It is not possible to draw any conclusions from this review. The included studies were mainly small (fewer than 120 participants) and there were limited estimates of effect, with only two studies reporting any events. We cannot therefore determine whether the use of nitrous oxide in general anaesthesia increases, decreases or has no effect on the risk of accidental awareness. Plain language summary Nitrous oxide‐based versus nitrous oxide‐free general anaesthesia and accidental awareness during general anaesthesia in surgical patients Review question We reviewed the evidence about the effect of nitrous oxide used as part of a general anaesthesia on the risk of accidental awareness during anaesthesia in people over the age of five years undergoing surgery. Background Accidental awareness during general anaesthetic is when a person accidentally becomes conscious during surgery, performed with general anaesthesia, and can remember the event once they have woken up. Accidental awareness is an uncommon event, but it can be extremely distressing for the patient and the doctors. There is some evidence suggesting that use of nitrous oxide may increase the risk of accidental awareness. However, the literature is contradictory, with some studies finding no difference and others a decreased risk of awareness in persons anaesthetized with nitrous oxide. Search date We searched for studies in December 2015. Study characteristics and key results We included 15 studies. The studies covered 3520 people. Although most studies were small with fewer than 120 participants, there were two larger studies with 2012 and 671 participants included. There was a great variation in many of the important elements among the studies, including the type of anaesthetics used and the levels of nitrous oxide used. No study was designed to measure accidental awareness, but rather they measured it as a secondary outcome. Although there were 3520 participants included in the studies, there were only three reports of a participant becoming aware. These were reported in two studies, and one was thought to be due to an error in the anaesthetic procedure. Nine studies reported where the funds for the research were obtained. Two were funded by pharmaceutical companies, suggesting a potential bias, whereas five were funded through Universities or Government health research grants or a charity, limiting the risk of bias. The remaining two studies reported that there was no conflict of interest, also reducing the risk of bias in these studies. Quality of the evidence Due to safety issues, all of the anaesthetists had to know what anaesthesia was being used. However, this means that the study results may have been biased. Other indicators suggested a low risk of bias, or an unclear risk because of missing information. The quality of the evidence is also low due to the lack of reports of a participant becoming aware. Conclusions It is not possible to draw any conclusions from this review. The included studies were mainly too small, and only two studies reported any events. The review question is inadequately supported by the lack of strong evidence. The effect of nitrous oxide is hardly observed due to the small sample size.
Antivirals for idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss; Abstract - Background Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss (ISSHL) is characterised by sudden loss of hearing of cochlear or retro‐cochlear origin without an identifiable cause. Antivirals are commonly prescribed, but there is no consensus on the treatment regimen or their effectiveness. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and side effect profile of antivirals in the treatment of ISSHL. Search methods We systematically searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 5), PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL and other databases to 12 June 2012. We also scanned the reference lists of identified studies for further trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing different antivirals versus placebo (both with or without other treatment). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data, met to resolve disagreements and contacted study authors for further information. We assessed study risk of bias independently. We considered meta‐analysis inappropriate and ultimately not possible due to differing treatment protocols of varying dose and duration, together with differing inclusion criteria and outcome measures between studies. The results of each study are reported individually. Main results We included four randomised trials (257 participants). The overall risk of bias in the included studies was low. Two trials compared the addition of intravenous acyclovir to a steroid (prednisolone). One included 43 participants, the other 70 patients. Neither demonstrated any hearing improvement with ISSHL. Another (84 patients) did not show any statistically significant difference between groups with the addition of valacyclovir to prednisolone (compared to steroid plus placebo) with respect to change in pure‐tone audiogram. Comparing the addition of intravenous acyclovir to hydrocortisone with hydrocortisone alone, the final trial did not show any statistically significant difference between groups (60 patients). No trial documented any serious adverse effects related to the use of antiviral treatment. One study reported slight to moderate nausea equally in the acyclovir and placebo groups (one patient in each). Another reported insomnia, nervousness and weight gain with valacyclovir (number not specified). Even though no meta‐analysis was possible, evidence from the four RCTs has demonstrated no statistically significant advantage in the use of antivirals in the treatment of ISSHL. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence to support the use of antiviral drugs in the treatment of ISSHL. The four trials included in this review were, however, small and with a low risk of bias. Further randomised controlled trials with larger patient populations, using standardised inclusion criteria, antiviral regimes and outcome measures, are needed in order for adequate meta‐analysis to be performed to reach definitive conclusions. A uniform definition of ISSHL should also be established, together with what constitutes adequate recovery. Plain language summary Antiviral drugs for sudden hearing loss (without known cause) Idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss (ISSHL) is sudden loss of hearing where clinical assessment has failed to reveal a cause. Patients may also suffer from additional symptoms such as tinnitus (a background ringing noise), together with dizziness and a sensation of fullness in the ear. Prompt investigation is essential to identify and treat the hearing impairment. In a large proportion of patients, however, no cause can be found. Antiviral drugs are often used, usually in conjunction with steroids, to treat sudden hearing loss of unknown cause, based on the theory that the deafness is caused by a viral infection. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) which compared treatment of sudden hearing loss with antiviral drugs (either alone or in combination with another treatment) with placebo or no antiviral drug, in patients of any age. We found four RCTs (257 patients). The overall risk of bias in the studies was low. All four trials compared steroid treatment (either alone or plus a placebo drug) with steroid plus antiviral treatment. None of the trials found a statistically significant difference between groups. No trial documented any serious adverse effects related to using antiviral treatments. One study reported slight to moderate nausea equally in the acyclovir and placebo groups (one patient in each), both attributable to the steroid treatment. Another reported insomnia, nervousness and weight gain with valacyclovir (number not specified). The effectiveness of antiviral drugs in the treatment of sudden hearing loss of unknown origin is questionable. Certainly, this review of the clinical trials did not identify any substantial evidence to support their use. Further research is required with larger patient numbers and standardised inclusion criteria, antiviral regimes and outcome measures.
Surfactant for meconium aspiration syndrome in term and late preterm infants; Abstract - Background Surfactant replacement therapy has been proven beneficial in the prevention and treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). The deficiency of surfactant or surfactant dysfunction may contribute to respiratory failure in a broader group of disorders, including meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS). Objectives To evaluate the effect of surfactant administration in the treatment of late preterm and term infants with meconium aspiration syndrome. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 4, 2006), MEDLINE and EMBASE (1985 to December 2006), previous reviews including cross‐references, abstracts, conference and symposia proceedings, expert informants, and journal handsearching, without language restrictions. We contacted study authors for additional data. We ran an updated search in November 2014 and searched the following sites for ongoing or recently completed trials: www.clinicaltrials.gov
Singing for adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; Abstract - Background Singing is a complex physical activity dependent on the use of the lungs for air supply to regulate airflow and create large lung volumes. In singing, exhalation is active and requires active diaphragm contraction and good posture. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a progressive, chronic lung disease characterised by airflow obstruction. Singing is an activity with potential to improve health outcomes in people with COPD. Objectives To determine the effect of singing on health‐related quality of life and dyspnoea in people with COPD. Search methods We identified trials from the Cochrane Airways Specialised Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization trials portal and PEDro, from their inception to August 2017. We also reviewed reference lists of all primary studies and review articles for additional references. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials in people with stable COPD, in which structured supervised singing training of at least four sessions over four weeks' total duration was performed. The singing could be performed individually or as part of a group (choir) facilitated by a singing leader. Studies were included if they compared: 1) singing versus no intervention (usual care) or another control intervention
Mass media interventions for smoking cessation in adults; Abstract - Background Mass media tobacco control campaigns can reach large numbers of people. Much of the literature is focused on the effects of tobacco control advertising on young people, but there are also a number of evaluations of campaigns targeting adult smokers, which show mixed results. Campaigns may be local, regional or national, and may be combined with other components of a comprehensive tobacco control policy. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of mass media interventions in reducing smoking among adults. Search methods The Cochrane Tobacco Addiction Group search strategy was combined with additional searches for any studies that referred to tobacco/smoking cessation, mass media and adults. We also searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and a number of electronic databases. The last search was carried out in November 2016. Selection criteria Controlled trials allocating communities, regions or states to intervention or control conditions
Decision aids for people considering taking part in clinical trials; Abstract - Background Several interventions have been developed to promote informed consent for participants in clinical trials. However, many of these interventions focus on the content and structure of information (e.g. enhanced information or changes to the presentation format) rather than the process of decision making. Patient decision aids support a decision making process about medical options. Decision aids support the decision process by providing information about available options and their associated outcomes, alongside information that enables patients to consider what value they place on particular outcomes, and provide structured guidance on steps of decision making. They have been shown to be effective for treatment and screening decisions but evidence on their effectiveness in the context of informed consent for clinical trials has not been synthesised. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of decision aids for clinical trial informed consent compared to no intervention, standard information (i.e. usual practice) or an alternative intervention on the decision making process. Search methods We searched the following databases and to March 2015: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL),  The Cochrane Library
HMG CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) for preventing acute kidney injury after surgical procedures requiring cardiac bypass; Abstract - Background Acute kidney injury (AKI) is common in patients undergoing cardiac surgery among whom it is associated with poor outcomes, prolonged hospital stays and increased mortality. Statin drugs can produce more than one effect independent of their lipid lowering effect, and may improve kidney injury through inhibition of postoperative inflammatory responses. Objectives This review aimed to look at the evidence supporting the benefits of perioperative statins for AKI prevention in hospitalised adults after surgery who require cardiac bypass. The main objectives were to 1) determine whether use of statins was associated with preventing AKI development
Amifostine for salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer; Abstract - Background Radioactive iodine treatment for differentiated thyroid cancer possibly results in xerostomia. Amifostine has been used to prevent the effects of irradiation to salivary glands. To date, the effects of amifostine on salivary glands in radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer remain uncertain. Objectives To assess the effects of amifostine on salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer. Search methods Studies were obtained from computerized searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE,  The Cochrane Library  and paper collections of conferences held in Chinese. Selection criteria Randomised controlled clinical trials and quasi‐randomised controlled clinical trials comparing the effects of amifostine on salivary glands after radioactive iodine treatment for differentiated thyroid cancer with placebo and a duration of follow up of at least three months. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed risk of bias and extracted data. Main results Two trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to intervention versus control) were included. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostine versus placebo showed no statistically significant differences in the incidence of xerostomia (130 patients, two studies), the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium‐99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of amifostine therapy and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. Meta‐analysis was not performed on the function of salivary glands measured by technetium‐99m scintigraphy at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment due to the highly inconsistent findings across studies (I 2  statistic 99%). None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health‐related quality of life or costs. Authors' conclusions Results from two randomised controlled clinical trials suggest that the amifostine has no significant radioprotective effects on salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health‐related quality of life and other patient‐oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. Randomised controlled clinical trials with low risk of bias investigating patient‐oriented outcomes are needed to guide treatment choice. Plain language summary Amifostine for salivary glands in high‐dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer Thyroid cancer is the most common malignancy of the endocrine system consisting of several subtypes like papillary carcinoma (accounting for 80% of cases) and follicular carcinoma (accounting for 11% of cases). These are collectively referred to as 'differentiated thyroid cancer'. Treatment with radioactive iodine after surgery (ablation of the thyroid gland or 'thyroidectomy') is important for the detection of metastatic disease and for the destruction of the remaining thyroid tissue with microscopic cancer. After radioactive iodine treatment, adverse effects may happen in the salivary glands and cause salivary gland swelling and pain, usually involving the parotid. The symptoms may develop immediately after a therapeutic dose of radioactive iodine or months later and progress in intensity with time. Secondary complications reported include dry mouth ('xerostomia') and taste alterations. Amifostine is thought to be a radioprotector of salivary glands used in conjunction with radioiodine therapy. This medication is administered intravenously and was reported to ameliorate the damage of salivary glands caused by radioactive iodine therapy. We found only two randomised controlled trials in which the effects of amifostine were compared with placebo. The two randomised clinical trials investigated 130 patients treated with high dose radioactive iodine for thyroid cancer. Altogether data from the two trials suggest that amifostine has no obvious protective effects on the salivary glands in these patients. Two patients in one study collapsed after initiation of amifostine therapy and had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. Until better data become available, the use of sour candy or lemon juice to increase salivation might be more appropriate during radioactive iodine treatment for patients with differentiated thyroid cancer. Patients should be well informed of the importance of hydration, acid stimulation and glandular massage after radioactive iodine treatment. In addition, early recognition and treatment of xerostomia may improve outcomes.
Routes of administration of antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing infection after caesarean section; Abstract - Background Post‐caesarean section infection is a cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. Administration of antibiotic prophylaxis is recommended for preventing infection after caesarean delivery. The route of administration of antibiotic prophylaxis should be effective, safe and convenient. Currently, there is a lack of synthesised evidence regarding the benefits and harms of different routes of antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing infection after caesarean section. Objectives The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of different routes of prophylactic antibiotics given for preventing infectious morbidity in women undergoing caesarean section. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 January 2016),  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (6 January 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing at least two alternative routes of antibiotic prophylaxis for caesarean section (both elective and emergency). Cross‐over trials and quasi‐RCTs were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion, assessed the risk of bias and extracted data from the included studies. These steps were checked by a third review author. Main results We included 10 studies (1354 women). The risk of bias was unclear or high in most of the included studies. All of the included trials involved women undergoing caesarean section whether elective or non‐elective. Intravenous antibiotics versus antibiotic irrigation (nine studies, 1274 women) Nine studies (1274 women) compared the administration of intravenous antibiotics with antibiotic irrigation. There were no clear differences between groups in terms of this review's maternal primary outcomes:  endometritis  (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.29
Combined and alternating paracetamol and ibuprofen therapy for febrile children; Abstract - Background Health professionals frequently recommend fever treatment regimens for children that either combine paracetamol and ibuprofen or alternate them. However, there is uncertainty about whether these regimens are better than the use of single agents, and about the adverse effect profile of combination regimens. Objectives To assess the effects and side effects of combining paracetamol and ibuprofen, or alternating them on consecutive treatments, compared with monotherapy for treating fever in children. Search methods In September 2013, we searched Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register
Intranasal steroids for acute sinusitis; Abstract - Background Acute sinusitis is a common reason for primary care visits. It causes significant symptoms and often results in time off work and school. Objectives We examined whether intranasal corticosteroids (INCS) are effective in relieving symptoms of acute sinusitis in adults and children. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2013, Issue 4, MEDLINE (January 1966 to May week 2, 2013), EMBASE (1990 to May 2013) and bibliographies of included studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing INCS treatment to placebo or no intervention in adults and children with acute sinusitis. Acute sinusitis was defined by clinical diagnosis and confirmed by radiological evidence or by nasal endoscopy. The primary outcome was the proportion of participants with either resolution or improvement of symptoms. Secondary outcomes were any adverse events that required discontinuation of treatment, drop‐outs before the end of the study, rates of relapse, complications and return to school or work. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data, assessed trial quality and resolved discrepancies by consensus. Main results No new trials were found for inclusion in this update. Four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis met our inclusion criteria. The trials were well‐designed and double‐blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow‐up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta‐analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%
Pharmacological interventions for the prevention of allergic and febrile non‐haemolytic transfusion reactions; Abstract - Background Allergic and febrile non‐haemolytic transfusion reactions (NHTRs) are the two most common forms of transfusion reaction. Pretransfusion medication with anti‐inflammatory drugs is used in NHTR prevention, however its efficacy and safety remains unclear. Objectives To assess the clinical effects and safety of pharmacological interventions for preventing NHTR in patients with and without a history of transfusion reactions. Search methods The search strategy included The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) on  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 4, 2008), Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register (December 17, 2008), MEDLINE (1950 to November (week 3) 2008), EMBASE (1988 to November (week 3) 2008), LILACS (1982 to January 12, 2009), CINAHL (1982 to December 2008), ISI Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI‐EXPANDED): 1970 to December 2008). There was no language restriction. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effectiveness of interventions for the prevention of NHTR. Data collection and analysis Authors independently selected studies, assessed the risks of bias and extracted data. Relative risks (RR) were estimated in RCTs with parallel design (PD). Odds ratio (OR) was estimated for one RCT with crossover design (CD). No meta‐analysis was attempted due to differences in the pharmacotherapy of pre‐transfusion medication and methodology between the studies
Granulopoiesis‐stimulating factors to prevent adverse effects in the treatment of malignant lymphoma; Abstract - Background Granulopoiesis‐stimulating factors, such as granulocyte‐colony‐stimulating factor (G‐CSF) and granulocyte‐macrophage‐colony‐stimulating factor (GM‐CSF), are being used to prevent febrile neutropenia and infection in patients undergoing treatment for malignant lymphoma. The question of whether G‐CSF and GM‐CSF improve dose intensity, tumour response, and overall survival in this patient population has not been answered yet. Since the results from single studies are inconclusive, a systematic review was undertaken. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of G‐CSF and GM‐CSF in patients with malignant lymphoma with respect to preventing neutropenia, febrile neutropenia and infection
Interventions for the prevention of persistent post‐COVID‐19 olfactory dysfunction; Abstract - Background Loss of olfactory function is well recognised as a symptom of COVID‐19 infection, and the pandemic has resulted in a large number of individuals with abnormalities in their sense of smell. For many, the condition is temporary and resolves within two to four weeks. However, in a significant minority the symptoms persist. At present, it is not known whether early intervention with any form of treatment (such as medication or olfactory training) can promote recovery and prevent persisting olfactory disturbance. This is an update of the 2021 review with four studies added. Objectives 1) To evaluate the benefits and harms of any intervention versus no treatment for people with acute olfactory dysfunction due to COVID‐19 infection.  2) To keep the evidence up‐to‐date, using a living systematic review approach.  Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register
Tiagabine add‐on therapy for drug‐resistant focal epilepsy; Abstract - Background Epilepsy is a common neurological condition that affects up to 1% of the population. Nearly 30% of people with epilepsy are resistant to currently available antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and require treatment with multiple antiepileptic drugs in combination. Tiagabine is one of the newer AEDs that can be used as an adjunct (add‐on) to standard AEDs. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of tiagabine when used as an add‐on treatment for people with drug‐resistant focal seizures. Search methods This is an updated Cochrane review, last published in 2014. For the latest update, we searched the following databases on 22 January 2019: Cochrane Register of Studies (CRS Web), which includes the Cochrane Epilepsy Group's Specialized Register and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to January 21, 2019),  ClinicalTrials.gov , and the  WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform . We imposed no language restrictions. We also contacted the manufacturers of tiagabine and experts in the field to identify any ongoing or unpublished studies. Selection criteria We included randomised placebo‐controlled add‐on trials conducted in people of any age with focal epilepsy. The studies could be double‐, single‐, or unblinded and of parallel or cross‐over design. They had to have a minimum treatment period of eight weeks. We also included trials using an active drug control group. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and extracted data according to the standard methodological procedures expected by the Cochrane Collaboration for this review update. We resolved disagreements by discussion. Outcomes investigated included 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency, treatment withdrawal, adverse effects, effects on cognition and quality of life. The primary analyses were performed by intention‐to‐treat. We calculated worst‐case and best‐case analyses for seizure outcomes. We evaluated dose response using regression models. Two review authors assessed risk of bias in each study using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. Main results No further studies were added since the previous update in 2014. The review included six trials (four parallel‐group and two cross‐over group trials) consisting of 948 participants. For the main comparison, tiagabine versus placebo, all participants were aged between 12 and 77 years and the study treatment periods ranged from 12 to 22 weeks. The overall risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency (tiagabine versus placebo) was 3.16 (95% CI 1.97 to 5.07
Community‐based antibiotic delivery for possible serious bacterial infections in neonates in low‐ and middle‐income countries; Abstract - Background The recommended management for neonates with a possible serious bacterial infection (PSBI) is hospitalisation and treatment with intravenous antibiotics, such as ampicillin plus gentamicin. However, hospitalisation is often not feasible for neonates in low‐ and middle‐income countries (LMICs). Therefore, alternative options for the management of neonatal PSBI in LMICs needs to be evaluated. Objectives To assess the effects of community‐based antibiotics for neonatal PSBI in LMICs on neonatal mortality and to assess whether the effects of community‐based antibiotics for neonatal PSBI differ according to the antibiotic regimen administered. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 3), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 16 April 2018), Embase (1980 to 16 April 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 16 April 2018). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria We included randomised, quasi‐randomised and cluster‐randomised trials. For the first comparison, we included trials that compared antibiotics which were initiated and completed in the community to the standard hospital referral for neonatal PSBI in LMICs. For the second comparison, we included trials that compared simplified antibiotic regimens which relied more on oral antibiotics than intravenous antibiotics to the standard regimen of seven to 10 days of injectable penicillin/ampicillin with an injectable aminoglycoside delivered in the community to treat neonatal PSBI. Data collection and analysis We extracted data using the standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Group. The primary outcomes were all‐cause neonatal mortality and sepsis‐specific neonatal mortality. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. Main results For the first comparison, five studies met the inclusion criteria. Community‐based antibiotic delivery for neonatal PSBI reduced neonatal mortality when compared to hospital referral only (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.82, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 0.99
Manipulative therapies for infantile colic; Abstract - Background Infantile colic is a common disorder, affecting around one in six families, and in 2001 was reported to cost the UK National Health Service in excess of £65 million per year (Morris 2001). Although it usually remits by six months of age, there is some evidence of longer‐term sequelae for both children and parents. Manipulative therapies, such as chiropractic and osteopathy, have been suggested as interventions to reduce the severity of symptoms. Objectives To evaluate the results of studies designed to address efficacy or effectiveness of manipulative therapies (specifically, chiropractic, osteopathy and cranial manipulation) for infantile colic in infants less than six months of age. Search methods We searched following databases: CENTRAL (2012, Issue 4), MEDLINE (1948 to April Week 3 2012), EMBASE (1980 to 2012 Week 17), CINAHL (1938 to April 2012), PsycINFO (1806 to April 2012), Science Citation Index (1970 to April 2012), Social Science Citation Index (1970 to April 2012), Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Science (1990 to April 2012) and Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Social Science & Humanities (1970 to April 2012). We also searched all available years of LILACS, PEDro, ZETOC, WorldCat, TROVE, DART‐Europe, ClinicalTrials.gov and ICTRP (May 2012), and contacted over 90 chiropractic and osteopathic institutions around the world. In addition, we searched CentreWatch, NRR Archive and UKCRN in December 2010. Selection criteria Randomised trials evaluating the effect of chiropractic, osteopathy or cranial osteopathy alone or in conjunction with other interventions for the treatment of infantile colic. Data collection and analysis In pairs, five of the review authors (a) assessed the eligibility of studies against the inclusion criteria, (b) extracted data from the included studies and (c) assessed the risk of bias for all included studies. Each article or study was assessed independently by two review authors. One review author entered the data into Review Manager software and the team's statistician (PP) reviewed the chosen analytical settings. Main results We identified six studies for inclusion in our review, representing a total of 325 infants. There were three further studies that we could not find information about and we identified three other ongoing studies. Of the six included studies, five were suggestive of a beneficial effect and one found no evidence that manipulative therapies had any beneficial effect on the natural course of infantile colic. Tests for heterogeneity imply that there may be some underlying difference between this study and the other five. Five studies measured daily hours of crying and these data were combined, suggesting that manipulative therapies had a significant effect on infant colic ‐ reducing average crying time by one hour and 12 minutes per day (mean difference (MD) ‐1.20
Clomiphene and other antioestrogens for ovulation induction in polycystic ovarian syndrome; Abstract - Background Subfertility due to anovulation is a common problem in women. First‐line oral treatment is with antioestrogens such as clomiphene citrate, but resistance may be apparent with clomiphene. Alternative and adjunctive treatments have been used including tamoxifen, dexamethasone, and bromocriptine. The effectiveness of these is to be determined. Objectives To determine the relative effectiveness of antioestrogen agents including clomiphene alone or in combination with other medical therapies in women with subfertility associated with anovulation, possibly caused by polycystic ovarian syndrome. Search methods We conducted a search of the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, and CINAHL (all from inception to August 2016) to identify relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We searched the United Kingdom National Institute for Clinical Excellence (NICE) guidelines and the references of relevant reviews and RCTs. We also searched the clinical trial registries for ongoing trials (inception until August 2016). Selection criteria We considered RCTs comparing oral antioestrogen agents for ovulation induction (alone or in conjunction with medical therapies) in anovulatory subfertility. We excluded insulin‐sensitising agents, aromatase inhibitors, and hyperprolactinaemic infertility. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed data extraction and quality assessment. The primary outcome was live birth
Inhaled antibiotics for pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder in which abnormal mucus in the lungs is associated with susceptibility to persistent infection. Pulmonary exacerbations are when symptoms of infection become more severe. Antibiotics are an essential part of treatment for exacerbations and inhaled antibiotics may be used alone or in conjunction with oral antibiotics for milder exacerbations or with intravenous antibiotics for more severe infections. Inhaled antibiotics do not cause the same adverse effects as intravenous antibiotics and may prove an alternative in people with poor access to their veins. This is an update of a previously published review. Objectives To determine if treatment of pulmonary exacerbations with inhaled antibiotics in people with cystic fibrosis improves their quality of life, reduces time off school or work, and improves their long‐term lung function. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis Group's Cystic Fibrosis Trials Register. Date of the last search: 7 March 2022. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov, the Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry and WHO ICTRP for relevant trials. Date of last search: 3 May 2022. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in people with cystic fibrosis with a pulmonary exacerbation in whom treatment with inhaled antibiotics was compared to placebo, standard treatment or another inhaled antibiotic for between one and four weeks. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected eligible trials, assessed the risk of bias in each trial and extracted data. They assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE criteria. Authors of the included trials were contacted for more information. Main results Five trials with 183 participants are included in the review. Two trials (77 participants) compared inhaled antibiotics alone to intravenous antibiotics alone and three trials (106 participants) compared a combination of inhaled and intravenous antibiotics to intravenous antibiotics alone. Trials were heterogenous in design and two were only available in abstract form. Risk of bias was difficult to assess in most trials but, for four out of five trials, we judged there to be a high risk from lack of blinding and an unclear risk with regards to randomisation. Results were not fully reported and only limited data were available for analysis. One trial was a cross‐over design and we only included data from the first intervention arm. Inhaled antibiotics alone versus intravenous antibiotics alone Only one trial (18 participants) reported a perceived improvement in lifestyle (quality of life) in both groups (very low‐certainty evidence). Neither trial reported on time off work or school. Both trials measured lung function, but there was no difference reported between treatment groups (very low‐certainty evidence). With regards to our secondary outcomes, one trial (18 participants) reported no difference in the need for additional antibiotics and the second trial (59 participants) reported on the time to next exacerbation. In neither case was a difference between treatments identified (both very low‐certainty evidence). The single trial (18 participants) measuring adverse events and sputum microbiology did not observe any in either treatment group for either outcome (very low‐certainty  evidence). Inhaled antibiotics plus intravenous antibiotics versus intravenous antibiotics alone Inhaled antibiotics plus intravenous antibiotics may make little or no difference to quality of life compared to intravenous antibiotics alone. None of the trials reported time off work or school. All three trials measured lung function, but found no difference between groups in forced expiratory volume in one second (two trials
Exercise for dysmenorrhoea; Abstract - Background Exercise has a number of health benefits and has been recommended as a treatment for primary dysmenorrhoea (period pain), but the evidence for its effectiveness on primary dysmenorrhoea is unclear. This review examined the available evidence supporting the use of exercise to treat primary dysmenorrhoea. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of exercise for women with primary dysmenorrhoea. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility specialised register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, AMED and CINAHL (from inception to July 2019). We searched two clinical trial databases (inception to March 2019) and handsearched reference lists and previous systematic reviews. Selection criteria We included studies if they randomised women with moderate‐to‐severe primary dysmenorrhoea to receive exercise versus no treatment, attention control, non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or the oral contraceptive pill. Cross‐over studies and cluster‐randomised trials were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected the studies, assessed eligible studies for risk of bias, and extracted data from each study. We contacted study authors for missing information. We assessed the quality of the evidence using GRADE. Our primary outcomes were menstrual pain intensity and adverse events. Secondary outcomes included overall menstrual symptoms, usage of rescue analgesic medication, restriction of daily life activities, absence from work or school and quality of life. Main results We included a total of 12 trials with 854 women in the review, with 10 trials and 754 women in the meta‐analysis. Nine of the 10 studies compared exercise with no treatment, and one study compared exercise with NSAIDs. No studies compared exercise with attention control or with the oral contraceptive pill. Studies used low‐intensity exercise (stretching, core strengthening or yoga) or high‐intensity exercise (Zumba or aerobic training)
Activity monitors for increasing physical activity in adult stroke survivors; Abstract - Background Stroke is the third leading cause of disability worldwide. Physical activity is important for secondary stroke prevention and for promoting functional recovery. However, people with stroke are more inactive than healthy age‐matched controls. Therefore, interventions to increase activity after stroke are vital to reduce stroke‐related disability. Objectives To summarise the available evidence regarding the effectiveness of commercially available, wearable activity monitors and smartphone applications for increasing physical activity levels in people with stroke. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, SPORTDiscus, and the following clinical trial registers: WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, Clinical Trials, EU Clinical Trial Register, ISRCTN Registry, Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry, and Stroke Trials Registry to 3 March 2018. We also searched reference lists, Web of Science forward tracking, and Google Scholar, and contacted trial authors to obtain further data if required. We did not restrict the search on language or publication status. Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and randomised cross‐over trials that included use of activity monitors versus no intervention, another type of intervention, or other activity monitor. Participants were aged 18 years or older with a diagnosis of stroke, in hospital or living in the community. Primary outcome measures were steps per day and time in moderate‐to‐vigorous intensity activity. Secondary outcomes were sedentary time, time spent in light intensity physical activity, walking duration, fatigue, mood, quality of life, community participation and adverse events. We excluded upper limb monitors that only measured upper limb activity. Data collection and analysis We followed standard Cochrane methodology to analyse and interpret the data. At least two authors independently screened titles and abstracts for inclusion. We resolved disagreements by consulting a third review author. We extracted the following data from included studies into a standardised template: type of study, participant population, study setting, intervention and co‐interventions, time‐frame, and outcomes. We graded levels of bias as high, low, or unclear, and assessed the quality of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results We retrieved 28,098 references, from which we identified 29 potential articles. Four RCTs (in 11 reports) met the inclusion criteria.The sample sizes ranged from 27 to 135 (total 245 participants). Time poststroke varied from less than one week (n = 1), to one to three months (n = 2), or a median of 51 months (n = 1). Stroke severity ranged from a median of one to six on the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS). Three studies were conducted in inpatient rehabilitation, and one was in a university laboratory. All studies compared use of activity monitor plus another intervention (e.g. a walking retraining programme or an inpatient rehabilitation programme) versus the other intervention alone. Three studies reported on the primary outcome of daily step counts. There was no clear effect for the use of activity monitors in conjunction with other interventions on step count in a community setting (mean difference (MD) ‐1930 steps, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐4410 to 550
Pharmacological interventions for painful sickle cell vaso‐occlusive crises in adults; Abstract - Background Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of inherited disorders of haemoglobin (Hb) structure in a person who has inherited two mutant globin genes (one from each parent), at least one of which is always the sickle mutation. It is estimated that between 5% and 7% of the world's population are carriers of the mutant Hb gene, and SCD is the most commonly inherited blood disorder. SCD is characterized by distorted sickle‐shaped red blood cells. Manifestations of the disease are attributed to either haemolysis (premature red cell destruction) or vaso‐occlusion (obstruction of blood flow, the most common manifestation). Shortened lifespans are attributable to serious comorbidities associated with the disease, including renal failure, acute cholecystitis, pulmonary hypertension, aplastic crisis, pulmonary embolus, stroke, acute chest syndrome, and sepsis. Vaso‐occlusion can lead to an acute, painful crisis (sickle cell crisis, vaso‐occlusive crisis (VOC) or vaso‐occlusive episode). Pain is most often reported in the joints, extremities, back or chest, but it can occur anywhere and can last for several days or weeks. The bone and muscle pain experienced during a sickle cell crisis is both acute and recurrent. Key pharmacological treatments for VOC include opioid analgesics, non‐opioid analgesics, and combinations of drugs. Non‐pharmacological approaches, such as relaxation, hypnosis, heat, ice and acupuncture, have been used in conjunction to rehydrating the patient and reduce the sickling process. Objectives To assess the analgesic efficacy and adverse events of pharmacological interventions to treat acute painful sickle cell vaso‐occlusive crises in adults, in any setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) via the Cochrane Register of Studies Online, MEDLINE via Ovid, Embase via Ovid and LILACS, from inception to September 2019. We also searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews, and searched online clinical trial registries. Selection criteria Randomized, controlled, double‐blind trials of pharmacological interventions, of any dose and by any route, compared to placebo or any active comparator, for the treatment (not prevention) of painful sickle cell VOC in adults. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed studies for eligibility. We planned to use dichotomous data to calculate risk ratio (RR) and number needed to treat for one additional event, using standard methods. Our primary outcomes were participant‐reported pain relief of 50%, or 30%, or greater
Exercise training for bronchiectasis; Abstract - Background Bronchiectasis is characterised by excessive sputum production, chronic cough, and acute exacerbations and is associated with symptoms of dyspnoea and fatigue, which reduce exercise tolerance and impair quality of life. Exercise training in isolation or in conjunction with other interventions is beneficial for people with other respiratory diseases, but its effects in bronchiectasis have not been well established. Objectives To determine effects of exercise training compared to usual care on exercise tolerance (primary outcome), quality of life (primary outcome), incidence of acute exacerbation and hospitalisation, respiratory and mental health symptoms, physical function, mortality, and adverse events in people with stable or acute exacerbation of bronchiectasis. Search methods We identified trials from the Cochrane Airways Specialised Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization trials portal, from their inception to October 2020. We reviewed respiratory conference abstracts and reference lists of all primary studies and review articles for additional references. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials in which exercise training of at least four weeks' duration (or eight sessions) was compared to usual care for people with stable bronchiectasis or experiencing an acute exacerbation. Co‐interventions with exercise training including education, respiratory muscle training, and airway clearance therapy were permitted if also applied as part of usual care. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened and selected trials for inclusion, extracted outcome data, and assessed risk of bias. We contacted study authors for missing data. We calculated mean differences (MDs) using a random‐effects model. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We included six studies, two of which were published as abstracts, with a total of 275 participants. Five studies were undertaken with people with clinically stable bronchiectasis, and one pilot study was undertaken post acute exacerbation. All studies included co‐interventions such as instructions for airway clearance therapy and/or breathing strategies, provision of an educational booklet, and delivery of educational sessions. The duration of training ranged from six to eight weeks, with a mix of supervised and unsupervised sessions conducted in the outpatient or home setting. No studies of children were included in the review
Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) during the postoperative period for prevention of postoperative morbidity and mortality following major abdominal surgery; Abstract - Background Major abdominal surgery can be associated with a number of serious complications that may impair patient recovery. In particular, postoperative pulmonary complications (PPCs), including respiratory complications such as atelectasis and pneumonia, are a major contributor to postoperative morbidity and may even contribute to increased mortality. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a type of therapy that uses a high‐pressure gas source to deliver constant positive pressure to the airways throughout both inspiration and expiration. This approach is expected to prevent some pulmonary complications, thus reducing mortality. Objectives To determine whether any difference can be found in the rate of mortality and adverse events following major abdominal surgery in patients treated postoperatively with CPAP versus standard care, which may include traditional oxygen delivery systems, physiotherapy and incentive spirometry. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) 2013, Issue 9
Intravesical electromotive drug administration for non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer; Abstract - Background Electromotive drug administration (EMDA) is the use of electrical current to improve the delivery of intravesical agents to reduce the risk of recurrence in people with non‐muscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC). It is unclear how effective this is in comparison to other forms of intravesical therapy. Objectives To assess the effects of intravesical EMDA for the treatment of NMIBC. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search using multiple databases (CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE), two clinical trial registries and a grey literature repository. We searched reference lists of relevant publications and abstract proceedings. We applied no language restrictions. The last search was February 2017. Selection criteria We searched for randomised studies comparing EMDA of any intravesical agent used to reduce bladder cancer recurrence in conjunction with transurethral resection of bladder tumour (TURBT). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the literature, extracted data, assessed risk of bias and rated quality of evidence (QoE) according to GRADE on a per outcome basis. Main results We included three trials with 672 participants that described five distinct comparisons. The same principal investigator conducted all three trials. All studies used mitomycin C (MMC) as the chemotherapeutic agent for EMDA. 1. Postoperative MMC‐EMDA induction versus postoperative Bacillus Calmette‐Guérin (BCG) induction:  based on one study with 72 participants with carcinoma in situ (CIS) and concurrent pT1 urothelial carcinoma, we are uncertain (very low QoE) about the effect of MMC‐EMDA on time to recurrence (risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 1.76
Vena caval filters for the prevention of pulmonary embolism; Abstract - Background Pulmonary emboli (PE), or blood clots in the lungs,can be potentially fatal. Anticoagulation is the first line therapy to prevent PE. In some instances anticoagulation fails to prevent more emboli, or cannot be given because the person has a high risk of bleeding. Inferior vena caval filters (VCFs) are metal alloy devices that mechanically trap fragmented emboli from the deep leg veins en route to the pulmonary circulation. Retrievable filters are designed to be introduced and removed percutaneously. Although their deployment seems of theoretical benefit, their clinical efficacy and adverse event profile is unclear. This is the third update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2007. Objectives To assess the evidence for the effectiveness and safety of vena caval filters (VCFs) in preventing pulmonary embolism (PE). Search methods For this review update, the Cochrane Vascular Information Specialist (CIS) searched the Specialised Register (last searched 10 September 2019) and the Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2019, Issue 8) via the Cochrane Register of Studies Online. The CIS also searched MEDLINE Ovid, EMBASE Ovid, CINAHL, and AMED (1 January 2017 to 10 September 2019) and trials registries to 10 September 2019. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and controlled clinical trials (CCTs) that examined the efficacy of VCFs in preventing PE. Data collection and analysis For this update, studies were assessed and data extracted independently. We assessed study quality with Cochrane's 'Risk of bias' tool and used the GRADE approach to assess the overall certainty of the evidence. The outcomes of interest were PE, mortality, lower limb venous thrombosis, filter‐related complications and major bleeding. Main results We identified four new studies for this update, bringing the total to six included studies involving 1388 participants. The six studies were clinically heterogeneous and we were unable to carry out meta‐analysis. Only two studies were considered to be both applicable in current clinical settings and of good methodological quality. One was a randomised open‐label trial studying the effect of a retrievable inferior vena caval filter plus anticoagulation versus anticoagulation alone on risk of recurrent pulmonary embolism (PE) in 399 participants over three months. There was no evidence of a difference in the rates of PE, death, lower extremity deep vein thrombosis (DVT), or bleeding at three and six months after the intervention (moderate‐certainty evidence). A filter was inserted in 193 people, but could only be successfully retrieved from 153. Minor filter complications were noted at six months. The second clinically relevant study was a randomised open‐label trial of 240 participants who had sustained multiple traumatic injuries, allocated to a filter or no filter, three days after injury, in conjunction with anticoagulation and intermittent pneumatic compression. Prophylactic anticoagulation was initiated in both groups when it was thought safe to do so. There was no evidence of a difference in symptomatic PE, death, or lower limb venous thrombosis rates (moderate‐certainty evidence). The only major filter complication was that one person required surgical removal of the filter. We are unable to draw any conclusions from the remaining four included studies. One study showed an increased incidence of long‐term lower extremity DVT at eight years. Three studies are no longer clinically applicable because they utilised permanent filters which are seldom used now, or they did not use routine prophylactic anticoagulation which is current standard practice. The fourth study compared two filter types and was terminated prematurely as one filter group had a higher rate of thrombosis compared to the other filter type. Authors' conclusions Two of the six identified studies were relevant for current clinical settings. One showed no evidence of a benefit of retrievable filters in acute PE for the outcomes of PE, death, DVT and bleeding during the initial three months in people who can receive anticoagulation (moderate‐certainty evidence). The other study did not show any benefit for prophylactic filter insertion in people who sustained multiple traumatic injuries, with respect to symptomatic PE, mortality, or lower extremity venous thrombosis (moderate‐certainty evidence). We can draw no firm conclusions regarding filter efficacy in the prevention of PE from the remaining four RCTs identified in this review. Further trials are needed to assess vena caval filter effectiveness and safety, and clinical differences between various filter types. Plain language summary Vena caval filters for the prevention of pulmonary embolism Background Blood clots in the lungs are called pulmonary emboli. They commonly originate in the leg or pelvic veins, where they can fragment and travel to the lungs via the inferior vena cava (IVC, large vein which carries blood from the lower body to the heart). Further emboli are usually prevented by blood thinning medications (anticoagulants). In some instances (approximately 4% of cases), anticoagulation fails, or it is too dangerous to give anticoagulation. Vena caval filters are metal alloy devices inserted within the IVC to trap blood clots. Modern filters are 'retrievable,' allowing their removal once they are no longer required. However, a number of retrievable filters are not removed. The long‐term safety profile of these devices is not known. The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of vena caval filters. The review authors looked for studies comparing filters with no filter, and studies comparing different filter designs. Study characteristics and key results We included six trials with a total of 1388 participants in the review (current until 10 September 2019). There were too many differences between these studies so we could not combine the results. Two trials were applicable in current clinical settings. One trial showed there is no clear benefit in receiving a retrievable filter for the first three months after an acute PE, for those who can receive anticoagulation, in terms of recurrent pulmonary embolism (PE), deep vein thrombosis (DVT), death or bleeding. Not all filters could be removed. Only minor complications from the filters were noted at six months. Another study of people who had sustained multiple traumatic injuries did not show any benefit of inserting a filter three days after injury to prevent PE, or reduce deaths. Preventive anticoagulation and calf compression devices were administered to participants when possible. We are unable to draw any conclusions from the remaining four included studies. This is because three studies are no longer clinically relevant because they utilised permanent filters which are seldom used now, or they did not use routine preventative anticoagulation which is current standard practice. One study showed an increased rate of lower‐extremity DVT in the permanent filter group. The fourth study compared two filter types and was stopped prematurely and thus did not generate sufficient data. Reliability of the evidence Two studies were relevant in current clinical contexts. The evidence presented by both of these studies is of moderate certainty. We reached this assessment because we were not able to combine the data from the studies, and because of the low numbers of participants and events involved. The studies differed in type of participants and clinical situations. There is a further need for trials evaluating the effectiveness of caval filters in people who cannot receive anticoagulation, or when PE occurs despite adequate anticoagulation.
Audio‐visual presentation of information for informed consent for participation in clinical trials; Abstract - Background Informed consent is a critical component of clinical research. Different methods of presenting information to potential participants of clinical trials may improve the informed consent process. Audio‐visual interventions (presented, for example, on the Internet or on DVD) are one such method. We updated a 2008 review of the effects of these interventions for informed consent for trial participation. Objectives To assess the effects of audio‐visual information interventions regarding informed consent compared with standard information or placebo audio‐visual interventions regarding informed consent for potential clinical trial participants, in terms of their understanding, satisfaction, willingness to participate, and anxiety or other psychological distress. Search methods We searched: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL),  The Cochrane Library , issue 6, 2012
Influenza vaccination for healthcare workers who care for people aged 60 or older living in long‐term care institutions; Abstract - Background A systematic review found that 3% of working adults who had received influenza vaccine and 5% of those who were unvaccinated had laboratory‐proven influenza per season
Phonics training for English‐speaking poor readers; Abstract - Background The reading skills of 16% of children fall below the mean range for their age, and 5% of children have significant and severe reading problems. Phonics training is one of the most common reading treatments used with poor readers, particularly children. Objectives To measure the effect of phonics training and explore the impact of various factors, such as training duration and training group size, that might moderate the effect of phonics training on literacy‐related skills in English‐speaking poor readers. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 12 other databases, and three trials registers up to May 2018. We also searched reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included studies that used randomisation, quasi‐randomisation, or minimisation to allocate participants to a phonics intervention group (phonics training only or phonics training plus one other literacy‐related skill) or a control group (no training or non‐literacy training). Participants were English‐speaking poor readers with word reading one standard deviation below the appropriate level for their age (children, adolescents, and adults) or one grade or year below the appropriate level (children only), for no known reason. Participants had no known comorbid developmental disorder, or physical, neurological, or emotional problem. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included 14 studies with 923 participants in this review. Studies took place in Australia, Canada, the UK, and the USA. Six of the 14 included studies were funded by government agencies and one was funded by a university grant. The rest were funded by charitable foundations or trusts. Each study compared phonics training alone, or in conjunction with one other reading‐related skill, to either no training (i.e. treatment as usual) or alterative training (e.g. maths). Participants were English‐speaking children or adolescents, of low and middle socioeconomic status, whose reading was one year, one grade, or one standard deviation below the level expected for their age or grade for no known reason. Phonics training varied between studies in intensity (up to four hours per week), duration (up to seven months), training group size (individual and small groups), and delivery (human and computer). We measured the effect of phonics training on seven primary outcomes (mixed/regular word reading accuracy, non‐word reading accuracy, irregular word reading accuracy, mixed/regular word reading fluency, non‐word reading fluency, reading comprehension, and spelling). We judged all studies to be at low risk of bias for most risk criteria, and used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. There was low‐quality evidence that phonics training may have improved poor readers' accuracy for reading real and novel words that follow the letter‐sound rules (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.51, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 0.90
Ultrafiltration for acute heart failure; Abstract - Background Pharmacotherapies such as loop diuretics are the cornerstone treatment for acute heart failure (AHF), but resistance and poor response can occur. Ultrafiltration (UF) is an alternative therapy to reduce congestion, however its benefits, efficacy and safety are unclear. Objectives To assess the effects of UF compared to diuretic therapy on clinical outcomes such as mortality and rehospitalisation rates. Search methods We undertook a systematic search in June 2021 of the following databases: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science CPCI‐S and ClinicalTrials.gov. We also searched the WHO ICTRP platform in October 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared UF to diuretics in adults with AHF. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. We contacted study authors for any further information, and language interpreters to translate texts. We assessed risk of bias in included studies using Risk of Bias 2 (RoB2) tool and assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 14 trials involving 1190 people. We included people who had clinical signs of acute hypervolaemia. We excluded critically unwell people such as those with ischaemia or haemodynamic instability. Mean age ranged from 57.5 to 75 years, and the setting was a mix of single and multi‐centre. Two trials researched UF as a complimentary therapy to diuretics, while the remaining trials withheld diuretic use during UF. There was high risk of bias in some studies, particularly with deviations from the intended protocols from high cross‐overs as well as missing outcome data for long‐term follow‐up.  We are uncertain about the effect of UF on all‐cause mortality at 30 days or less (risk ratio (RR) 0.61, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.13 to 2.85
Adjunctive steroid therapy versus antibiotics alone for acute endophthalmitis after intraocular procedure; Abstract - Background Endophthalmitis refers to severe infection within the eye that involves the aqueous humor or vitreous humor, or both, and that threatens vision. Most cases of endophthalmitis are exogenous (i.e. due to inoculation of organisms from an outside source), and most exogenous endophthalmitis is acute and occurs after an intraocular procedure. The mainstay of treatment is emergent administration of broad‐spectrum intravitreous antibiotics. Due to their anti‐inflammatory effects, steroids in conjunction with antibiotics have been proposed as being beneficial in endophthalmitis management. Objectives To assess the effects of antibiotics combined with steroids versus antibiotics alone for the treatment of acute endophthalmitis following intraocular surgery or intravitreous injection. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2021, Issue 8), MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to August 2021), Embase Ovid (1980 to August 2021), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences Literature database) (1982 to August 2021), the ISRCTN registry
Devices and dressings to secure peripheral venous catheters to prevent complications; Abstract - Background A peripheral venous catheter (PVC) is typically used for short‐term delivery of intravascular fluids and medications. It is an essential element of modern medicine and the most frequent invasive procedure performed in hospitals. However, PVCs often fail before intravenous treatment is completed: this can occur because the device is not adequately attached to the skin, allowing the PVC to fall out, leading to complications such as phlebitis (irritation or inflammation to the vein wall), infiltration (fluid leaking into surrounding tissues) or occlusion (blockage). An inadequately secured PVC also increases the risk of catheter‐related bloodstream infection (CRBSI), as the pistoning action (moving back and forth in the vein) of the catheter can allow migration of organisms along the catheter and into the bloodstream. Despite the many dressings and securement devices available, the impact of different securement techniques for increasing PVC dwell time is still unclear
Signs and symptoms to determine if a patient presenting in primary care or hospital outpatient settings has COVID‐19; Abstract - Background COVID‐19 illness is highly variable, ranging from infection with no symptoms through to pneumonia and life‐threatening consequences. Symptoms such as fever, cough, or loss of sense of smell (anosmia) or taste (ageusia), can help flag early on if the disease is present. Such information could be used either to rule out COVID‐19 disease, or to identify people who need to go for COVID‐19 diagnostic tests. This is the second update of this review, which was first published in 2020. Objectives To assess the diagnostic accuracy of signs and symptoms to determine if a person presenting in primary care or to hospital outpatient settings, such as the emergency department or dedicated COVID‐19 clinics, has COVID‐19. Search methods We undertook electronic searches up to 10 June 2021 in the University of Bern living search database. In addition, we checked repositories of COVID‐19 publications. We used artificial intelligence text analysis to conduct an initial classification of documents. We did not apply any language restrictions. Selection criteria Studies were eligible if they included people with clinically suspected COVID‐19, or recruited known cases with COVID‐19 and also controls without COVID‐19 from a single‐gate cohort. Studies were eligible when they recruited people presenting to primary care or hospital outpatient settings. Studies that included people who contracted SARS‐CoV‐2 infection while admitted to hospital were not eligible. The minimum eligible sample size of studies was 10 participants. All signs and symptoms were eligible for this review, including individual signs and symptoms or combinations. We accepted a range of reference standards. Data collection and analysis Pairs of review authors independently selected all studies, at both title and abstract, and full‐text stage. They resolved any disagreements by discussion with a third review author. Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias using the QUADAS‐2 checklist, and resolved disagreements by discussion with a third review author. Analyses were restricted to prospective studies only. We presented sensitivity and specificity in paired forest plots, in receiver operating characteristic (ROC) space and in dumbbell plots. We estimated summary parameters using a bivariate random‐effects meta‐analysis whenever five or more primary prospective studies were available, and whenever heterogeneity across studies was deemed acceptable. Main results We identified 90 studies
Artemether for severe malaria; Abstract - Background In 2011 the World Health Organization (WHO) recommended parenteral artesunate in preference to quinine as first‐line treatment for people with severe malaria. Prior to this recommendation many countries, particularly in Africa, had begun to use artemether, an alternative artemisinin derivative. This Cochrane Review evaluates intramuscular artemether compared with both quinine and artesunate. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of intramuscular artemether versus any other parenteral medication in the treatment of severe malaria in adults and children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS, ISI Web of Science, conference proceedings, and reference lists of articles. We also searched the WHO International Clinical Trial Registry Platform, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the metaRegister of Controlled Trials (mRCT) for ongoing trials up to 7 September 2018. We checked the reference lists of all studies identified by the search. We examined references listed in review articles and previously compiled bibliographies to look for eligible studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing intramuscular artemether with intravenous/intramuscular quinine or artesunate for treating severe malaria. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was all‐cause death. Two review authors independently screened each article by title and abstract, and examined potentially relevant studies for inclusion using an eligibility form. Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias of included studies. We summarized dichotomous outcomes using risk ratios (RRs) and continuous outcomes using mean differences (MDs), and have presented both measures with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Where appropriate, we combined data in meta‐analyses and used the GRADE approach to summarize the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 19 RCTs, enrolling 2874 adults and children with severe malaria, carried out in Africa (12 trials) and in Asia (7 trials). Artemether versus quinine For children, there is probably little or no difference in the risk of death between intramuscular artemether and quinine (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.21
Uterotonic agents for preventing postpartum haemorrhage: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) is the leading cause of maternal mortality worldwide. Prophylactic uterotonic agents can prevent PPH, and are routinely recommended. The current World Health Organization (WHO) recommendation for preventing PPH is 10 IU (international units) of intramuscular or intravenous oxytocin. There are several uterotonic agents for preventing PPH but there is still uncertainty about which agent is most effective with the least side effects. This is an update of a Cochrane Review which was first published in April 2018 and was updated to incorporate results from a recent large WHO trial. Objectives To identify the most effective uterotonic agent(s) to prevent PPH with the least side effects, and generate a ranking according to their effectiveness and side‐effect profile. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (24 May 2018), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials or cluster‐randomised trials comparing the effectiveness and side effects of uterotonic agents with other uterotonic agents, placebo or no treatment for preventing PPH were eligible for inclusion. Quasi‐randomised trials were excluded. Randomised trials published only as abstracts were eligible if sufficient information could be retrieved. Data collection and analysis At least three review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We estimated the relative effects and rankings for preventing PPH ≥ 500 mL and PPH ≥ 1000 mL as primary outcomes. Secondary outcomes included blood loss and related outcomes, morbidity outcomes, maternal well‐being and satisfaction and side effects. Primary outcomes were also reported for pre‐specified subgroups, stratifying by mode of birth, prior risk of PPH, healthcare setting, dosage, regimen and route of administration. We performed pairwise meta‐analyses and network meta‐analysis to determine the relative effects and rankings of all available agents. Main results The network meta‐analysis included 196 trials (135,559 women) involving seven uterotonic agents and placebo or no treatment, conducted across 53 countries (including high‐, middle‐ and low‐income countries). Most trials were performed in a hospital setting (187/196, 95.4%) with women undergoing a vaginal birth (71.5%, 140/196). Relative effects from the network meta‐analysis suggested that all agents were effective for preventing PPH ≥ 500 mL when compared with placebo or no treatment. The three highest ranked uterotonic agents for prevention of PPH ≥ 500 mL were ergometrine plus oxytocin combination, misoprostol plus oxytocin combination and carbetocin. There is evidence that ergometrine plus oxytocin (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.84, moderate certainty), carbetocin (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.93, moderate certainty) and misoprostol plus oxytocin (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.58 to 0.86, low certainty) may reduce PPH ≥ 500 mL compared with oxytocin. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that misoprostol, injectable prostaglandins, and ergometrine may make little or no difference to this outcome compared with oxytocin. All agents except ergometrine and injectable prostaglandins were effective for preventing PPH ≥ 1000 mL when compared with placebo or no treatment. High‐certainty evidence suggests that ergometrine plus oxytocin (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.03) and misoprostol plus oxytocin (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.11) make little or no difference in the outcome of PPH ≥ 1000 mL compared with oxytocin. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that ergometrine may make little or no difference to this outcome compared with oxytocin meanwhile the evidence on carbetocin was of very low certainty. High‐certainty evidence suggests that misoprostol is less effective in preventing PPH ≥ 1000 mL when compared with oxytocin (RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.42). Despite the comparable relative treatment effects between all uterotonics (except misoprostol) and oxytocin, ergometrine plus oxytocin, misoprostol plus oxytocin combinations and carbetocin were the highest ranked agents for PPH ≥ 1000 mL. Misoprostol plus oxytocin reduces the use of additional uterotonics (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.42 to 0.73, high certainty) and probably also reduces the risk of blood transfusion (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.70, moderate certainty) when compared with oxytocin. Carbetocin, injectable prostaglandins and ergometrine plus oxytocin may also reduce the use of additional uterotonics but the certainty of the evidence is low. No meaningful differences could be detected between all agents for maternal deaths or severe morbidity as these outcomes were rare in the included randomised trials where they were reported. The two combination regimens were associated with important side effects. When compared with oxytocin, misoprostol plus oxytocin combination increases the likelihood of vomiting (RR 2.11, 95% CI 1.39 to 3.18, high certainty) and fever (RR 3.14, 95% CI 2.20 to 4.49, moderate certainty). Ergometrine plus oxytocin increases the likelihood of vomiting (RR 2.93, 95% CI 2.08 to 4.13, moderate certainty) and may make little or no difference to the risk of hypertension, however absolute effects varied considerably and the certainty of the evidence was low for this outcome. Subgroup analyses did not reveal important subgroup differences by mode of birth (caesarean versus vaginal birth), setting (hospital versus community), risk of PPH (high versus low risk for PPH), dose of misoprostol (≥ 600 mcg versus < 600 mcg) and regimen of oxytocin (bolus versus bolus plus infusion versus infusion only). Authors' conclusions All agents were generally effective for preventing PPH when compared with placebo or no treatment. Ergometrine plus oxytocin combination, carbetocin, and misoprostol plus oxytocin combination may have some additional desirable effects compared with the current standard oxytocin. The two combination regimens, however, are associated with significant side effects. Carbetocin may be more effective than oxytocin for some outcomes without an increase in side effects. Plain language summary Which drug is best for reducing excessive blood loss after birth? What is the issue? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out which drug is most effective in preventing excessive blood loss at childbirth and has the least side effects. We collected and analysed all the relevant studies to answer this question (date of search: 24 May 2018). Why is this important? Excessive bleeding after birth is the most common reason why mothers die in childbirth worldwide. Although most women will have moderate bleeding at birth, others may bleed excessively, and this can pose a serious risk to their health and life. To reduce excessive bleeding at birth, the routine administration of a drug to contract the uterus (uterotonic) has become standard practice across the world. Different drugs given routinely at birth have been used for reducing excessive bleeding. They include oxytocin, misoprostol, ergometrine, carbetocin, injectable prostaglandins and combinations of these drugs, each with different effectiveness and side effects. Some of the side effects identified include: vomiting, high blood pressure and fever. Currently, oxytocin is recommended as the standard drug to reduce excessive bleeding. We analysed all the available evidence to compare the effectiveness and side‐effect profiles for each drug. What evidence did we find? We found 196 studies involving 135,559 women. We compared seven uterotonic agents against each other and against women receiving no uterotonic. Studies were conducted across 53 countries. In most studies women were giving birth normally and in a hospital. The analysis suggests that all drugs are effective for preventing blood loss that equals or exceeds 500 mL when compared with no routine uterotonic treatment. Compared with oxytocin (the standard recommended drug), the three best drugs for this outcome were a combination of ergometrine plus oxytocin, carbetocin, and a combination of misoprostol plus oxytocin. We found the other drugs misoprostol, injectable prostaglandins, and ergometrine may make little or no difference to this outcome compared with oxytocin. All drugs except ergometrine and injectable prostaglandins are effective for preventing blood loss that equals or exceeds 1000 mL when compared with no treatment. Ergometrine plus oxytocin and misoprostol plus oxytocin make little or no difference in this outcome compared with oxytocin. It is uncertain whether carbetocin and ergometrine alone make any difference to this outcome. However, misoprostol is less effective in preventing blood loss that equals or exceeds 1000 mL compared with oxytocin. Misoprostol plus oxytocin reduces the use of additional uterotonics and probably also reduces the risk of blood transfusion when compared with oxytocin. Carbetocin, injectable prostaglandins and ergometrine plus oxytocin may also reduce the use of additional uterotonics but the certainty of the evidence is low. No meaningful differences could be detected between all agents for maternal deaths or severe birth complication as these are rare in such studies. The two combinations of drugs were associated with important side effects. When compared with oxytocin, women receiving misoprostol plus oxytocin combination are more likely to suffer vomiting and fever. Women receiving ergometrine plus oxytocin are also more likely to suffer vomiting and may make little or no difference to the risk of hypertension, however the certainty of the evidence was low for this outcome. The analyses gave similar results irrespective of whether women were giving birth normally or by caesarean, in a hospital or in the community, were at high or low risk for bleeding excessively after birth, whether they received a high or a low dose of misoprostol and whether they received a bolus or an infusion of oxytocin or both. What does this mean? All agents were generally effective for preventing excessive bleeding when compared with no uterotonic drug treatment. Ergometrine plus oxytocin combination, carbetocin, and misoprostol plus oxytocin combination may have some additional benefits compared with the current standard oxytocin. The two combination drugs, however, are associated with significant side effects that women might find disturbing compared with oxytocin. Carbetocin may have some additional benefits compared with oxytocin and appears to be without an increase in side effects.
Interventions for patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in preterm infants: an overview of Cochrane Systematic Reviews; Abstract - Background Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is associated with significant morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. Several non‐pharmacological, pharmacological, and surgical approaches have been explored to prevent or treat a PDA. Objectives To summarise Cochrane Neonatal evidence on interventions (pharmacological or surgical) for the prevention of PDA and related complications, and interventions for the management of asymptomatic and symptomatic PDA in preterm infants. Methods We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews on 20 October 2022 for ongoing and published Cochrane Reviews on the prevention and treatment of PDA in preterm (< 37 weeks' gestation) or low birthweight (< 2500 g) infants. We included all published Cochrane Reviews assessing the following categories of interventions: pharmacological therapy using prostaglandin inhibitor drugs (indomethacin, ibuprofen, and acetaminophen), adjunctive pharmacological interventions, invasive PDA closure procedures, and non‐pharmacological interventions. Two overview authors independently checked the eligibility of the reviews retrieved by the search, and extracted data from the included reviews using a predefined data extraction form. Any disagreements were resolved by discussion with a third overview author. Two overview authors independently assessed the methodological quality of the included reviews using the AMSTAR 2 (A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews) tool. We reported the GRADE certainty of evidence as assessed by the respective review authors using summary of findings tables. Main results We included 16 Cochrane Reviews, corresponding to 138 randomised clinical trials (RCT) and 11,856 preterm infants, on the prevention and treatment of PDA in preterm infants. One of the 16 reviews had no included studies, and therefore, did not contribute to the results. Six reviews reported on prophylactic interventions for the prevention of PDA and included pharmacological prophylaxis with prostaglandin inhibitor drugs, prophylactic surgical PDA ligation, and non‐pharmacologic interventions (chest shielding during phototherapy and restriction of fluid intake)
Optical coherence tomography for diagnosing skin cancer in adults; Abstract - Background Early accurate detection of all skin cancer types is essential to guide appropriate management and to improve morbidity and survival. Melanoma and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) are high‐risk skin cancers, which have the potential to metastasise and ultimately lead to death, whereas basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is usually localised, with potential to infiltrate and damage surrounding tissue. Anxiety around missing early cases needs to be balanced against inappropriate referral and unnecessary excision of benign lesions. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a microscopic imaging technique, which magnifies the surface of a skin lesion using near‐infrared light. Used in conjunction with clinical or dermoscopic examination of suspected skin cancer, or both, OCT may offer additional diagnostic information compared to other technologies. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of OCT for the detection of cutaneous invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, basal cell carcinoma (BCC), or cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) in adults. Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception up to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials
High‐frequency ultrasound for diagnosing skin cancer in adults; Abstract - Background Early, accurate detection of all skin cancer types is essential to guide appropriate management and to improve morbidity and survival. Melanoma and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) are high‐risk skin cancers with the potential to metastasise and ultimately lead to death, whereas basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is usually localised, with potential to infiltrate and damage surrounding tissue. Anxiety around missing early curable cases needs to be balanced against inappropriate referral and unnecessary excision of benign lesions. Ultrasound is a non‐invasive imaging technique that relies on the measurement of sound wave reflections from the tissues of the body. At lower frequencies, the deeper structures of the body such as the internal organs can be visualised, while high‐frequency ultrasound (HFUS) with transducer frequencies of 20 MHz or more has a much lower depth of tissue penetration but produces a higher resolution image of tissues and structures closer to the skin surface. Used in conjunction with clinical and/or dermoscopic examination of suspected skin cancer, HFUS may offer additional diagnostic information compared to other technologies. Objectives To assess the diagnostic accuracy of HFUS to assist in the diagnosis of a) cutaneous invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, b) cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC), and c) basal cell carcinoma (BCC) in adults. Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception up to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials
Surgical interventions for the management of chronic pelvic pain in women; Abstract - Background Chronic pelvic pain (CPP) is a common gynaecological condition accounting for 20% of all gynaecological referrals. There are wide ranges of causes with overlapping symptomatology, therefore the management of the condition is a formidable challenge for clinicians. The aetiology of CPP is heterogeneous and in many cases, no clear diagnosis can be reached. It is in this scenario that the label of chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CPPS) can be applied. We defined women with CPPS as having a minimum duration of pain of at least 6 months, including with a diagnosis of pelvic congestion syndrome, but excluding pain caused by a condition such as endometriosis. Many surgical interventions have been tried in isolation or in conjunction with non‐surgical interventions in the management with variable results. Surgical interventions are invasive and carry operative risks. Surgical interventions must be evaluated for their effectiveness prior to their prevalent use in the management of women with CPPS. Objectives To review the effectiveness and safety of surgical interventions in the management of women with CPPS. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group (CGF) Specialised Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and PsycINFO, on 23 April 2021 for any randomised controlled trials (RCT) for surgical interventions in women with CPPS. We also searched the citation lists of relevant publications, two trial registries, relevant journals, abstracts, conference proceedings and several key grey literature sources. Selection criteria RCTs with women who had CPPS. The review authors were prepared to consider studies of any surgical intervention used for the management of CPPS. Outcome measures were pain rating scales, adverse events, psychological outcomes, quality of life (QoL) measures and requirement for analgesia. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently evaluated studies for inclusion and extracted data using the forms designed according to Cochrane guidelines. For each included trial, we collected information regarding the method of randomisation, allocation concealment, blinding, data reporting and analyses. We reported pooled results as mean difference (MDs) or odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) by the Mantel‐Haenszel method. If similar outcomes were reported on different scales, we calculated the standardised mean difference (SMD). We applied GRADE criteria to judge the overall certainty of the evidence. Main results Four studies met our inclusion criteria involving 216 women with CPP and no identifiable cause. Adhesiolysis compared to no surgery or diagnostic laparoscopy We are uncertain of the effect of adhesiolysis on pelvic pain scores postoperatively at three months (MD −7.3, 95% CI −29.9 to 15.3
Educational interventions for the management of cancer‐related fatigue in adults; Abstract - Background Cancer‐related fatigue is reported as the most common and distressing symptom experienced by patients with cancer. It can exacerbate the experience of other symptoms, negatively affect mood, interfere with the ability to carry out everyday activities, and negatively impact on quality of life. Educational interventions may help people to manage this fatigue or to cope with this symptom, and reduce its overall burden. Despite the importance of education for managing cancer‐related fatigue there are currently no systematic reviews examining this approach. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of educational interventions for managing cancer‐related fatigue in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsycINFO, ERIC, OTseeker and PEDro up to 1st November 2016. We also searched trials registries. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of educational interventions focused on cancer‐related fatigue where fatigue was a primary outcome. Studies must have aimed to evaluate the effect of educational interventions designed specifically to manage cancer‐related fatigue, or to evaluate educational interventions targeting a constellation of physical symptoms or quality of life where fatigue was the primary focus. The studies could have compared educational interventions with no intervention or wait list controls, usual care or attention controls, or an alternative intervention for cancer‐related fatigue in adults with any type of cancer. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for inclusion and extracted data. We resolved differences in opinion by discussion. Trial authors were contacted for additional information. A third independent person checked the data extraction. The main outcome considered in this review was cancer‐related fatigue. We assessed the evidence using GRADE and created a 'Summary of Findings' table. Main results We included 14 RCTs with 2213 participants across different cancer diagnoses. Four studies used only 'information‐giving' educational strategies, whereas the remainder used mainly information‐giving strategies coupled with some problem‐solving, reinforcement, or support techniques. Interventions differed in delivery including: mode of delivery (face to face, web‐based, audiotape, telephone)
Nebulised hypertonic saline for cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Hypertonic saline enhances mucociliary clearance and may lessen the destructive inflammatory process in the airways. This is an update of a previously published review. Objectives To investigate efficacy and tolerability of nebulised hypertonic saline treatment in people with cystic fibrosis (CF) compared to placebo or other treatments that enhance mucociliary clearance. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Cystic Fibrosis Trials Register, comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches, handsearches of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. We also searched ongoing trials databases. Most recent search: 25 April 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials assessing hypertonic saline compared to placebo or other mucolytic therapy, for any duration or dose regimen in people with CF (any age or disease severity). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently reviewed all identified trials and data, and assessed trial quality. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. For cross‐over trials we stipulated a one‐week washout period. We planned to use results from a paired analysis in the review, but this was only possible in one trial. For other cross‐over trials, we chose to treat the trials as if they were parallel. Main results We included 24 trials (1318 participants, aged one month to 56 years)
Dopamine transporter imaging for the diagnosis of dementia with Lewy bodies; Abstract - Background Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is a common cause of neurodegenerative dementia of old age. Its accurate recognition can be important in clinical management and is essential for the development of disease‐modifying treatments. The current clinical diagnostic criteria are limited particularly by relatively poor sensitivity. Dopamine transporter (DAT) imaging using single‐photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is the most highly developed supplementary test for DLB, and is now incorporated as a suggestive feature in the consensus diagnostic criteria. However, there is uncertainty about its accuracy and its place in clinical practice. It is most commonly used in people who are already suspected of having DLB. Objectives We had two objectives in this review: (A) to estimate the accuracy of DAT imaging for the diagnosis of DLB in people with dementia in secondary care (specialist dementia services), and (B) to estimate the accuracy of DAT imaging for the diagnosis of DLB in people with dementia in secondary care who are already suspected of having DLB on the basis of a prior clinical work‐up. Search methods We searched MEDLINE (1946 to February 2013), Embase (1980 to February 2013), BIOSIS Previews (1926 to February 2013), PsycINFO (1806 to February 2013), CINAHL (1982 to February 2013), LILACS (February 2013) and Web of Science and Conference Proceedings (ISI Web of Science) (1945 to February 2013). Several of these sources contain conference abstracts. We also searched four specialised databases containing diagnostic reviews: Meta‐analyses van Diagnostisch Onderzoek (MEDION
Prophylactic non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for the prevention of macular oedema after cataract surgery; Abstract - Background Macular oedema (MO) is the accumulation of extracellular fluid in the central retina (the macula). It may occur after cataract surgery and may give rise to poor visual outcome, with reduced visual acuity and distortion of the central vision. MO is often self‐limiting with spontaneous resolution, but a small proportion of people with chronic persistent MO may be difficult to treat. Chronic oedema may lead to the formation of cystic spaces in the retina termed 'cystoid macular oedema' (CMO). Non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are commonly used in cataract surgery and may reduce the chances of developing MO. Objectives The aim of this review is to answer the question: is there evidence to support the prophylactic use of topical NSAIDs either in addition to, or instead of, topical steroids postoperatively to reduce the incidence of macular oedema (MO) and associated visual morbidity. Search methods We searched a number of electronic databases including CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase. Date last searched 2 September 2016. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which adult participants had undergone surgery for age‐related cataract. We included participants irrespective of their baseline risk of MO, in particular we included people with diabetes and uveitis. We included trials of preoperative and/or postoperative topical NSAIDs in conjunction with postoperative topical steroids. The comparator was postoperative topical steroids alone. A secondary comparison was preoperative and/or postoperative topical NSAIDs alone versus postoperative topical steroids alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies for inclusion, assessed risk of bias and extracted data using standard methods expected by Cochrane. We pooled data using a random‐effects model. We graded the certainty of the evidence using GRADE and considered the following: risk of bias of included studies, precision of the effect estimate, consistency of effects between studies, directness of the outcome measure and publication bias. Main results We identified 34 studies that were conducted in the Americas, Europe, the Eastern Mediterranean region and South‐East Asia. Over 5000 people were randomised in these trials. The majority of studies enrolled one eye per participant
Interventions for idiopathic intracranial hypertension; Abstract - Background Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) has an estimated incidence of one to three people per 100,000 people per year, and occurs most commonly in obese, young women. IIH is associated with severe morbidity, notably due to a significant threat to sight and severe headache. Several different management options have been proposed. Conservative measures centre on weight loss. Pharmacological therapy includes use of diuretics. Refractory and sight‐threatening cases demand surgical intervention, most often in the form of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) diversion or optic nerve sheath fenestration. Other treatments include venous sinus stenting and bariatric surgery. Objectives To assess the effects of any intervention for IIH in any patient group. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register) (2015 Issue 6), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process and Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE Daily, Ovid OLDMEDLINE (January 1946 to July 2015), EMBASE (January 1980 to July 2015), the ISRCTN registry ( www.isrctn.com/editAdvancedSearch ), ClinicalTrials.gov ( www.clinicaltrials.gov ) and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) ( www.who.int/ictrp/search/en ). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic searches for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 22 July 2015. Selection criteria We included only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which any intervention was compared to placebo, or to another form of treatment, for people with a clinical diagnosis of IIH. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the search results for trials to be included in the review. We resolved any discrepancies by third party decision. Main results We identified two completed RCTs (enrolling a total of 211 participants and conducted in the UK and US) and two ongoing trials that met the inclusion criteria. Both completed trials compared acetazolamide to placebo, in conjunction with a weight loss intervention in both groups. Attrition bias was a problem in both trials with high loss to follow‐up, in one study this loss to follow‐up occurred particularly in the acetazolamide arm. One trial was unmasked and we judged it to be at risk of performance and detection bias. In these studies, change in visual acuity was similar in the treatment and control groups as measured by logMAR acuity. In one study people in the acetalomazide group had a similar change in logMAR acuity compared to the placebo group between baseline and 12 months in the right eye (MD 0.04 logMAR, 95% CI ‐0.08 to 0.16) and left eye (MD 0.03 logMAR, 95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.15). In the other study people in the acetalomazide group had a similar change in vision over six months compared with people in the placebo group (mean difference in change in letters read was 0.01 (95% CI ‐1.45 to 1.46). One study reported no cases of visual loss in 21 people treated with acetalomazide compared to 2/20 cases in the placebo group (odds ratio 0.17, 95% CI 0.01, 3.82). The prespecified outcome for this review was reduction in CSF pressure to normal levels which was not reported by the two trials. One trial reported that, in a subsample of 85 participants who agreed to lumbar puncture at 6 months, people in the acetalomazide group on average had a greater reduction in CSF pressure (MD ‐59.9 mmH 2 O, 95% CI ‐96.4, ‐23.4). In one study, people in the acetalozamide group on average experienced a greater reduction in papilloedema as assessed by fundus photographs MD ‐0.70 (95% CI ‐1.00 to ‐0.40) and by clinical grading MD ‐0.91 (95% CI ‐1.27 to ‐0.54) between baseline and six months in the study eye. Headache was recorded as present/absent in one study at 12 months (OR 0.42, 95% CI 0.12,1.41, 41 participants). Both studies reported headache on visual analogue scales (different ones) but results were inconclusive (MD for change in headache score measured on 10‐point visual analogue scale at 12 months was 1.0 (‐1.80, 3.70, 41 participants) and MD for change in headache score on a 6 point scale measured at 6 months was ‐0.45 (‐3.5,2.6, number of participants unclear). In one study, a similar proportion of people in the acetalomazide group were in remission (however, the trial authors did not state their definition of this term) at 12 months compared to the placebo group. However, the 95% CIs were wide and there is considerable uncertainty as to the effect (OR 1.13 (95% CI 0.32 to 3.90, 41 participants). In one study of 185 participants, people in the acetalomazide group had an increased risk of decreased CO 2 , diarrhoea, dysgeusia, fatigue, nausea, paresthesia, tinnitus and vomiting compared to people in the placebo group. In general, the estimates of effect were uncertain with wide 95% CIs. Adverse effects were not reported in the other study. One study reported that quality of life was better in acetazolamide‐treated patients based on the visual quality of life (VFQ‐25) (MD 6.35, 95% CI 2.22 to 10.47) and the physical (MD 3.02, 95% CI 0.34 to 5.70) and mental (MD 3.45, 95% CI 0.35 to 6.55) components of the 36‐Item Short Form Health Survey tool at six months. Costs were not reported in either study. We judged the evidence to be low certainty (GRADE) downgrading for imprecision and risk of bias. Authors' conclusions Although the two included RCTs showed modest benefits for acetazolamide for some outcomes, there is insufficient evidence to recommend or reject the efficacy of this intervention, or any other treatments currently available, for treating people with IIH. Further high‐quality RCTs are required in order to adequately assess the effect of acetazolamide therapy in people with IIH. Plain language summary Interventions for idiopathic intracranial hypertension Review question   We attempted to find all of the published randomised controlled trials (RCT, a type of rigorous study that compares one treatment option against another) that investigated any treatment for idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) in any patient group. We looked at a number of outcomes including reduction in vision, improvement of headache and quality of life. Background   IIH is a condition in which there is increased pressure inside the head without any detectable cause. IIH occurs most commonly in young women who are obese. Increased pressure inside the head often results in swelling of the optic disc (the point where the optic nerve meets the eye), which is called papilloedema. This swelling in turn causes a potential threat to sight. Different management options or treatments have been suggested for treating people with IIH, such as weight loss, drugs (e.g. diuretics) and surgery (e.g. surgery to the optic nerve, brain surgery to reduce the pressure or weight loss surgery). However, there is no consensus for how IIH should best be treated. Search date   We searched for all available trials up to 22 July 2015. Key results   We included two completed RCTs from the UK and US with a total of 211 participants and two ongoing studies. Both completed trials compared acetazolamide to placebo, together with a weight loss intervention in both groups. In these studies, change in the participant’s central vision was similar in the treatment and control groups as measured by a logMAR chart (a chart with rows of letters). The outcome for this review was reduction in CSF pressure to normal levels which was not reported by the two trials. In one study, people in the acetalozamide group on average experienced a greater reduction in papilloedema as assessed by fundus photographs between baseline and six months in the study eye. Both studies reported headache on visual analogue scales but results were inconclusive. In the study that reported adverse effects, the acetazolamide group was found to have a greater number of adverse effects compared to the placebo controls including diarrhoea, nausea, tinnitus and fatigue. One study reported that quality of life was better for the acetazolamide‐treated group. Costs were not reported in either study. Quality of evidence   Both completed trials had issues such as high loss to follow up and in one trial the participants and trial investigators knew what treatment was being received. The evidence was therefore judged to be of low quality. More higher‐quality RCTs are required in order to adequately assess the effect of acetazolamide therapy in IIH.
Psychosocial interventions for supporting women to stop smoking in pregnancy; Abstract - Background Tobacco smoking remains one of the few preventable factors associated with complications in pregnancy, and has serious long‐term implications for women and babies. Smoking in pregnancy is decreasing in high‐income countries, but is strongly associated with poverty and is increasing in low‐ to middle‐income countries. Objectives To assess the effects of smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy on smoking behaviour and perinatal health outcomes. Search methods In this sixth update, we searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (13 November 2015), checked reference lists of retrieved studies and contacted trial authors. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials, cluster‐randomised trials, and quasi‐randomised controlled trials of psychosocial smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and trial quality, and extracted data. Direct comparisons were conducted in RevMan, with meta‐regression conducted in STATA 14. Main results The overall quality of evidence was moderate to high, with reductions in confidence due to imprecision and heterogeneity for some outcomes. One hundred and two trials with 120 intervention arms (studies) were included, with 88 trials (involving over 28,000 women) providing data on smoking abstinence in late pregnancy. Interventions were categorised as counselling, health education, feedback, incentives, social support, exercise and dissemination. In separate comparisons, there is high‐quality evidence that counselling increased smoking cessation in late pregnancy compared with usual care (30 studies
Antibiotic strategies for eradicating Pseudomonas aeruginosa in people with cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Respiratory tract infections with  Pseudomonas aeruginosa  occur in most people with cystic fibrosis (CF). Established chronic  P aeruginosa  infection is virtually impossible to eradicate and is associated with increased mortality and morbidity. Early infection may be easier to eradicate. This is an updated review. Objectives Does giving antibiotics for  P aeruginosa  infection in people with CF at the time of new isolation improve clinical outcomes (e.g. mortality, quality of life and morbidity), eradicate  P aeruginosa  infection, and delay the onset of chronic infection, but without adverse effects, compared to usual treatment or an alternative antibiotic regimen? We also assessed cost‐effectiveness. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group Trials Register comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearches of relevant journals and conference proceedings. Latest search: 24 March 2022. We searched ongoing trials registries. Latest search: 6 April 2022. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with CF, in whom  P aeruginosa  had recently been isolated from respiratory secretions. We compared combinations of inhaled, oral or intravenous (IV) antibiotics with placebo, usual treatment or other antibiotic combinations. We excluded non‐randomised trials and cross‐over trials. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected trials, assessed risk of bias and extracted data. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 11 trials (1449 participants) lasting between 28 days and 27 months
Acupuncture for depression; Abstract - Background Depression is recognised as a major public health problem that has a substantial impact on individuals and on society. People with depression may consider using complementary therapies such as acupuncture, and an increasing body of research has been undertaken to assess the effectiveness of acupuncture for treatment of individuals with depression. This is the second update of this review. Objectives To examine the effectiveness and adverse effects of acupuncture for treatment of individuals with depression. To determine: • Whether acupuncture is more effective than treatment as usual/no treatment/wait list control for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture is more effective than control acupuncture for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture is more effective than pharmacological therapies for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture plus pharmacological therapy is more effective than pharmacological therapy alone for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Whether acupuncture is more effective than psychological therapies for treating and improving quality of life for individuals with depression. • Adverse effects of acupuncture compared with treatment as usual/no treatment/wait list control, control acupuncture, pharmacological therapies, and psychological therapies for treatment of individuals with depression. Search methods We searched the following databases to June 2016: Cochrane Common Mental Disorders Group Controlled Trials Register (CCMD‐CTR), Korean Studies Information Service System (KISS), DBPIA (Korean article database website), Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information, Research Information Service System (RISS), Korea Med, Korean Medical Database (KM base), and Oriental Medicine Advanced Searching Integrated System (OASIS), as well as several Korean medical journals. Selection criteria Review criteria called for inclusion of all published and unpublished randomised controlled trials comparing acupuncture versus control acupuncture, no treatment, medication, other structured psychotherapies (cognitive‐behavioural therapy, psychotherapy, or counselling), or standard care. Modes of treatment included acupuncture, electro‐acupuncture, and laser acupuncture. Participants included adult men and women with depression diagnosed by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth Edition (DSM‐IV), Research Diagnostic Criteria (RDC), International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD), or Chinese Classification of Mental Disorders Third Edition Revised (CCMD‐3‐R). If necessary, we used trial authors' definitions of depressive disorder. Data collection and analysis We performed meta‐analyses using risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes and standardised mean differences (SMDs) for continuous outcomes, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Primary outcomes were reduction in the severity of depression, measured by self‐rating scales or by clinician‐rated scales, and improvement in depression, defined as remission versus no remission. We assessed evidence quality using the GRADE method. Main results This review is an update of previous versions and includes 64 studies (7104 participants). Most studies were at high risk of performance bias, at high or unclear risk of detection bias, and at low or unclear risk of selection bias, attrition bias, reporting bias, and other bias. Acupuncture versus no treatment/wait list/treatment as usual We found low‐quality evidence suggesting that acupuncture (manual and electro‐) may moderately reduce the severity of depression by end of treatment (SMD ‐0.66, 95% CI ‐1.06 to ‐0.25, five trials, 488 participants). It is unclear whether data show differences between groups in the risk of adverse events (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.35 to 2.24, one trial, 302 participants
Parent‐mediated interventions for promoting communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome; Abstract - Background Communication and language development are areas of particular weakness for young children with Down syndrome. Caregivers' interaction with children influences language development, so many early interventions involve training parents how best to respond to their children and provide appropriate language stimulation. Thus, these interventions are mediated through parents, who in turn are trained and coached in the implementation of interventions by clinicians. As the interventions involve a considerable commitment from clinicians and families, we undertook this review to synthesise the evidence of their effectiveness. Objectives To assess the effects of parent‐mediated interventions for improving communication and language development in young children with Down syndrome. Other outcomes are parental behaviour and responsivity, parental stress and satisfaction, and children's non‐verbal means of communicating, socialisation and behaviour. Search methods In January 2018 we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and 14 other databases. We also searched three trials registers, checked the reference lists of relevant reports identified by the electronic searches, searched the websites of professional organizations, and contacted their staff and other researchers working in the field to identify other relevant published, unpublished and ongoing studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs that compared parent‐mediated interventions designed to improve communication and language versus teaching/treatment as usual (TAU) or no treatment or delayed (wait‐listed) treatment, in children with Down syndrome aged between birth and six years. We included studies delivering the parent‐mediated intervention in conjunction with a clinician‐mediated intervention, as long as the intervention group was the only group to receive the former and both groups received the latter. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures for data collection and analysis. Main results We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent‐mediated interventions versus TAU
Mesh versus non‐mesh for inguinal and femoral hernia repair; Abstract - Background This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2001. Hernias are protrusions of all or part of an organ through the body wall that normally contains it. Groin hernias include inguinal (96%) and femoral (4%) hernias, and are often symptomatic with discomfort. They are extremely common, with an estimated lifetime risk in men of 27%. Occasionally they may present as emergencies with complications such as bowel incarceration, obstruction and strangulation. The definitive treatment of all hernias is surgical repair, inguinal hernia repair being one of the most common surgical procedures performed. Mesh (hernioplasty) and the traditional non‐mesh repairs (herniorrhaphy) are commonly used, with an increasing preference towards mesh repairs in high‐income countries. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of different inguinal and femoral hernia repair techniques in adults, specifically comparing closure with mesh versus without mesh. Outcomes include hernia recurrence, complications (including neurovascular or visceral injury, haematoma, seroma, testicular injury, infection, postoperative pain), mortality, duration of operation, postoperative hospital stay and time to return to activities of daily living. Search methods We searched the following databases on 9 May 2018: Cochrane Colorectal Cancer Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 1), Ovid MEDLINE (from 1950), Ovid Embase (from 1974) and Web of Science (from 1900). Furthermore, we checked the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov for trials. We applied no language or publication restrictions. We also searched the reference lists of included trials and review articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of mesh compared to non‐mesh inguinal or femoral hernia repairs in adults over the age of 18 years. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Where available, we collected information on adverse effects. We presented dichotomous data as risk ratios, and where possible we calculated the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB). We presented continuous data as mean difference. Analysis of missing data was based on intention‐to‐treat principles, and we assessed heterogeneity using an evaluation of clinical and methodological diversity, Chi 2  test and I 2  statistic. We used GRADE to assess the quality of evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 25 studies (6293 participants) in this review. All included studies specified inguinal hernias, and two studies reported that femoral hernias were included. Mesh repair probably reduces the risk of hernia recurrence compared to non‐mesh repair (21 studies, 5575 participants
Repositioning for pressure injury prevention in adults; Abstract - Background A pressure injury (PI), also referred to as a 'pressure ulcer', or 'bedsore', is an area of localised tissue damage caused by unrelieved pressure, friction, or shearing on any part of the body. Immobility is a major risk factor and manual repositioning a common prevention strategy. This is an update of a review first published in 2014. Objectives To assess the clinical and cost effectiveness of repositioning regimens(i.e. repositioning schedules and patient positions) on the prevention of PI in adults regardless of risk in any setting. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and EBSCO CINAHL Plus on 12 February 2019. We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and scanned the reference lists of included studies as well as reviews, meta‐analyses, and health technology reports to identify additional studies. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication, or study setting. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including cluster‐randomised trials (c‐RCTs), published or unpublished, that assessed the effects of any repositioning schedule or different patient positions and measured PI incidence in adults in any setting. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently performed study selection, 'Risk of bias' assessment, and data extraction. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We identified five additional trials and one economic substudy in this update, resulting in the inclusion of a total of eight trials involving 3941 participants from acute and long‐term care settings and two economic substudies in the review. Six studies reported the proportion of participants developing PI of any stage. Two of the eight trials reported within‐trial cost evaluations. Follow‐up periods were short (24 hours to 21 days). All studies were at high risk of bias. Funding sources were reported in five trials. Primary outcomes: proportion of new PI of any stage Repositioning frequencies: three trials compared different repositioning frequencies We pooled data from three trials (1074 participants) comparing 2‐hourly with 4‐hourly repositioning frequencies (fixed‐effect
Cognitive‐behavioural interventions for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults; Abstract - Background Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental condition characterised by symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity, along with deficits in executive function, emotional regulation and motivation. The persistence of ADHD in adulthood is a serious clinical problem. ADHD significantly affects social interactions, study and employment performance. Previous studies suggest that cognitive‐behavioural therapy (CBT) could be effective in treating adults with ADHD, especially when combined with pharmacological treatment. CBT aims to change the thoughts and behaviours that reinforce harmful effects of the disorder by teaching people techniques to control the core symptoms. CBT also aims to help people cope with emotions, such as anxiety and depression, and to improve self‐esteem. Objectives To assess the effects of cognitive‐behavioural‐based therapy for ADHD in adults. Search methods In June 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, seven other databases and three trials registries. We also checked reference lists, handsearched congress abstracts, and contacted experts and researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating any form of CBT for adults with ADHD, either as a monotherapy or in conjunction with another treatment, versus one of the following: unspecific control conditions (comprising supportive psychotherapies, no treatment or waiting list) or other specific interventions. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures suggested by Cochrane. Main results We included 14 RCTs (700 participants), 13 of which were conducted in the northern hemisphere and 1 in Australia. Primary outcomes: ADHD symptoms CBT versus unspecific control conditions  (supportive psychotherapies, waiting list or no treatment) ‐ CBT versus supportive psychotherapies: CBT was more effective than supportive therapy for improving clinician‐reported ADHD symptoms (1 study, 81 participants
Symptomatic treatment of the cough in whooping cough; Abstract - Background Around 16 million cases of whooping cough (pertussis) occur worldwide each year, mostly in low‐income countries. Much of the morbidity of whooping cough in children and adults is due to the effects of the paroxysmal cough. Cough treatments proposed include corticosteroids, beta2‐adrenergic agonists, pertussis‐specific immunoglobulin, antihistamines and possibly leukotriene receptor antagonists (LTRAs). Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of interventions to reduce the severity of paroxysmal cough in whooping cough in children and adults. Search methods We updated our searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, 2014, Issue 1), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, the Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE 2014, Issue 2), accessed from  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (1950 to 30 January 2014), EMBASE (1980 to 30 January 2014), AMED (1985 to 30 January 2014), CINAHL (1980 to 30 January 2014) and LILACS (30 January 2014). We searched Current Controlled Trials to identify trials in progress. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs of any intervention (excluding antibiotics and vaccines) to suppress the cough in whooping cough. Data collection and analysis Two review authors (SB, MT) independently selected trials, extracted data and assessed the quality of each trial for this review in 2009. Two review authors (SB, KW) independently reviewed additional studies identified by the updated searches in 2012 and 2014. The primary outcome was frequency of paroxysms of coughing. Secondary outcomes were frequency of vomiting, frequency of whoop, frequency of cyanosis (turning blue), development of serious complications, mortality from any cause, side effects due to medication, admission to hospital and duration of hospital stay.  Main results We included 12 trials of varying sample sizes (N = 9 to 135), mainly from high‐income countries, including a total of 578 participants. Ten trials recruited children (N = 448 participants). Two trials recruited adolescents and adults (N = 130 participants). We considered only three trials to be of high methodological quality (one trial each of diphenhydramine, pertussis immunoglobulin and montelukast). Included studies did not show a statistically significant benefit for any of the interventions. Only six trials, including a total of 196 participants, reported data in sufficient detail for analysis. Diphenhydramine did not change coughing episodes
Cyclamen europaeum extract for acute sinusitis; Abstract - Background Acute sinusitis is a common reason for primary care encounters. It causes significant symptoms including facial pain, congested nose, headache, thick nasal mucus, fever, and cough and often results in time off work or school. Sinusitis treatment focuses on eliminating causative factors and controlling the inflammatory and infectious components. The frozen, dried, natural fluid extract of the  Cyclamen europaeum  plant delivered intranasally is thought to have beneficial effects in relieving congestion by facilitating nasal drainage, and has an anti‐inflammatory effect. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of topical intranasal  Cyclamen europaeum  extract on clinical response in adults and children with acute sinusitis. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, which includes the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE, Embase, and trials registers (ClinicalTrials.gov
Primary prophylactic colony‐stimulating factors for the prevention of chemotherapy‐induced febrile neutropenia in breast cancer patients; Abstract - Background High‐dose or dose‐intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy often causes myelosuppression and severe neutropenia among cancer patients. Severe neutropenia accompanied by fever, named febrile neutropenia (FN), is the most serious manifestation of neutropenia usually requiring hospitalization and intravenous antibiotics. FN and neutropenia can lead to chemotherapy treatment delays or dose reductions, which potentially compromises the effectiveness of cancer treatment and prospects for a cure. Granulocyte‐macrophage (GM) and granulocyte colony‐stimulating factors (G‐CSFs) are administered during chemotherapy in order to prevent or reduce the incidence or the duration of FN and neutropenia. Objectives To assess the effect of prophylactic colony‐stimulating factors (CSFs) in reducing the incidence and duration of FN, and all‐cause and infection‐related mortality during chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, HEALTHSTAR, International Health Technology Assessment, SOMED, AMED and BIOSIS up to 8 August 2011. We also searched three Chinese databases (VIP, CNKI, CBM), the metaRegister of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization's International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) and OpenGrey.eu up to August 2011. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing CSFs (any dose) with placebo or no treatment in patients with breast cancer at any stage, at risk of developing FN while undergoing any type of chemotherapy. Data collection and analysis We used pooled risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for binary outcomes. At least two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Trial authors were contacted for further details when information was unclear. Main results We included eight RCTs involving 2156 participants with different stages of breast cancer and chemotherapy regimens. The trials were carried out between 1995 and 2008 and judged as being at least at moderate risk of bias. The strength of the evidence was weak for the majority of outcomes, which was mostly because of the small numbers of evaluable patients, varying definitions, as well as unclear measurements of the trials' outcomes and uncertain influences of supportive treatments on them. In most trials, the chemotherapy regimens had a risk of FN that was below the threshold at which current guidelines recommend routine primary prophylaxis with CSFs. Using CSFs significantly reduced the proportion of patients with FN (RR 0.27
Anticholinergic burden (prognostic factor) for prediction of dementia or cognitive decline in older adults with no known cognitive syndrome; Abstract - Background Medications with anticholinergic properties are commonly prescribed to older adults. The cumulative anticholinergic effect of all the medications a person takes is referred to as the 'anticholinergic burden' because of its potential to cause adverse effects. It is possible that high anticholinergic burden may be a risk factor for development of cognitive decline or dementia. There are various scales available to measure anticholinergic burden but agreement between them is often poor. Objectives To assess whether anticholinergic burden, as defined at the level of each individual scale, is a prognostic factor for future cognitive decline or dementia in cognitively unimpaired older adults. Search methods We searched the following databases from inception to 24 March 2021: MEDLINE (OvidSP), Embase (OvidSP), PsycINFO (OvidSP), CINAHL (EBSCOhost), and ISI Web of Science Core Collection (ISI Web of Science). Selection criteria We included prospective and retrospective longitudinal cohort and case‐control observational studies with a minimum of one year' follow‐up that examined the association between an anticholinergic burden measurement scale and future cognitive decline or dementia in cognitively unimpaired older adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, and undertook data extraction, assessment of risk of bias, and GRADE assessment. We extracted odds ratios (OR) and hazard ratios, with 95% confidence intervals (CI), and linear data on the association between anticholinergic burden and cognitive decline or dementia. We intended to pool each metric separately
Antibiotics for treating scrub typhus; Abstract - Background Scrub typhus, an important cause of acute fever in Asia, is caused by  Orientia tsutsugamushi,  an obligate intracellular bacterium. Antibiotics currently used to treat scrub typhus include tetracyclines, chloramphenicol, macrolides, and rifampicin. Objectives To assess and compare the effects of different antibiotic regimens for treatment of scrub typhus. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 8 January 2018: the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group specialized trials register
Remediating buildings damaged by dampness and mould for preventing or reducing respiratory tract symptoms, infections and asthma; Abstract - Background Dampness and mould in buildings have been associated with adverse respiratory symptoms, asthma and respiratory infections of inhabitants. Moisture damage is a very common problem in private houses, workplaces and public buildings such as schools. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of repairing buildings damaged by dampness and mould in order to reduce or prevent respiratory tract symptoms, infections and symptoms of asthma. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 10), MEDLINE (1951 to November week 1, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to November 2014), CINAHL (1982 to November 2014), Science Citation Index (1973 to November 2014), Biosis Previews (1989 to June 2011), NIOSHTIC (1930 to March 2014) and CISDOC (1974 to March 2014). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐RCTs (cRCTs), interrupted time series studies and controlled before‐after (CBA) studies of the effects of remediating dampness and mould in a building on respiratory symptoms, infections and asthma. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias in the included studies. Main results We included 12 studies (8028 participants): two RCTs (294 participants), one cRCT (4407 participants) and nine CBA studies (3327 participants). The interventions varied from thorough renovation to cleaning only. Repairing houses decreased asthma‐related symptoms in adults (among others, wheezing (odds ratio (OR) 0.64
Probiotics in infants for prevention of allergic disease and food hypersensitivity; Abstract - Background The composition of the intestinal microflora may be different in individuals with atopic eczema from those without this condition, and such differences may precede the development of eczema. Probiotics are live bacteria that colonize the gastrointestinal tract and provide a health benefit to the host. Probiotics added to infant feeds have the potential to prevent sensitisation of infants to dietary allergens. Objectives To determine the effect of probiotics given to infants for the prevention of allergic disease or food hypersensitivity. Search methods This included searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 1, 2007), MEDLINE (1966 ‐ February 2007), EMBASE, PREMEDLINE, abstracts of conference proceedings and citations of published articles, and expert informants. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials that compare the use of a probiotic to no probiotic
Prebiotics in infants for prevention of allergy; Abstract - Background Prebiotics (commonly oligosaccharides) added to infant feeds have the potential to prevent sensitisation of infants to dietary allergens. Objectives To determine the effect of prebiotic given to infants for the prevention of allergy. Search methods We performed an updated search in August 2012 of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 8), MEDLINE, EMBASE, conference proceedings, citations, expert informants and clinical trials registries. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials that compared the use of a prebiotic to no prebiotic, or a specific prebiotic compared to a different prebiotic in infants for prevention of allergy. Data collection and analysis Assessment of trial quality, data extraction and synthesis of data were performed using the standard methods of The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results The 2012 update identified 13 studies classified as ongoing or awaiting classification (yet to report allergy outcomes). Forty‐three studies were excluded, primarily as no allergy data were reported, although none of these enrolled infants were at high risk of allergy. Four studies enrolling 1428 infants were eligible for inclusion. All studies were at high risk of attrition bias. Allergy outcomes were reported from four months to two years of age. Meta‐analysis of two studies (226 infants) found no significant difference in infant asthma although significant heterogeneity was found between studies. Meta‐analysis of four studies found a significant reduction in eczema (1218 infants, typical risk ratio 0.68, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.97
Early discontinuation of antibiotics for febrile neutropenia versus continuation until neutropenia resolution in people with cancer; Abstract - Background People with cancer with febrile neutropenia are at risk of severe infections and mortality and are thus treated empirically with broad‐spectrum antibiotic therapy. However, the recommended duration of antibiotic therapy differs across guidelines. Objectives To assess the safety of protocol‐guided discontinuation of antibiotics regardless of neutrophil count, compared to continuation of antibiotics until neutropenia resolution in people with cancer with fever and neutropenia, in terms of mortality and morbidity. To assess the emergence of resistant bacteria in people with cancer treated with short courses of antibiotic therapy compared with people with cancer treated until resolution of neutropenia. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL
Antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy; Abstract - Background Transrectal prostate biopsy (TRPB) is a well established procedure used to obtain tissue for the histological diagnosis of carcinoma of the prostate. Despite the fact that TRPB is generally considered a safe procedure, it may be accompanied by traumatic and infective complications, including asymptomatic bacteriuria (bacteria in the urine), urinary tract infection (UTI), transitory bacteremia (bacteria in the blood), fever episodes, and sepsis (pathogenic microorganisms or their toxins in the blood). Although infective complications after TRPB are well known, there is uncertainty about the necessity and effectiveness of routine prophylactic antibiotics and their adverse effects, as well as a clear lack of standardization. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and adverse effects of prophylactic antibiotic treatment in TRPB. Search methods The search covered the principal electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL). Experts were consulted and references from the relevant articles were scanned. Selection criteria All randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) of men who underwent TRPB and received prophylactic antibiotics or placebo/no treatment, were selected, and all RCTs looking at one type of antibiotic versus another, including comparable dosages, routes of administration, frequency of administration, and duration of antibiotic treatment. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers (ELZ, OACC) independently selected included trials and extracted study data. Any disagreements were resolved by a third party (NRNJ). Main results Overall, more than 3500 references were considered and 19 original reports with a total of 3599 patients were included. There were 9 trials analysing antibiotics versus placebo/no treatment, with all outcomes significantly favouring antibiotic use (P < 0.05) (I 2  = 0%), including bacteriuria (risk ratio (RR) 0.25 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.15 to 0.42), bacteremia (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.92), fever (RR 0.39, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.64), urinary tract infection (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.62), and hospitalization (RR 0.13, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.55). Several classes of antibiotics were effective prophylactically for TRPB, while the quinolones, with the highest number of studies (5) and patients (1188), were the best analysed. For 'antibiotics versus enema', we analysed four studies with a limited number of patients. The differences between groups for all outcomes were not significant. For 'antibiotic versus antibiotic + enema', only the risk of bacteremia (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.75) was diminished in the 'antibiotic + enema group'. Seven trials reported the effects of short‐course (1 day) versus long‐course (3 days) antibiotics. Long course was significantly better than short‐course treatment only for bacteriuria (RR 2.09, 95% CI 1.17 to 3.73). For 'single versus multiple dose', there was significantly greater risk of bacteriuria for single‐dose treatment (RR 1.98, 95% CI 1.18 to 3.33). Comparing oral versus systemic administration ‐ intramuscular injection (IM), or intravenous (IV) ‐ of antibiotics, there were no significant differences in the groups for bacteriuria, fever, UTI and hospitalization. Authors' conclusions Antibiotic prophylaxis is effective in preventing infectious complications following TRPB. There is no definitive data to confirm that antibiotics for long‐course (3 days) are superior to short‐course treatments (1 day), or that multiple‐dose treatment is superior to single‐dose. Plain language summary Antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy Prostate cancer is the second most commonly diagnosed cancer in men and transrectal prostate biopsy is the procedure to obtain tissue for the histological diagnosis of carcinoma of the prostate. Despite the fact that infective complications after transrectal prostate biopsy are well known, there is uncertainty about the necessity and effectiveness of routine prophylactic antibiotics and a clear lack of standardization in antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy. In nine trials we observed that antibiotic prophylaxis is effective in preventing infectious complications (bacteriuria, bacteremia, fever, urinary tract infection, sepsis) and hospitalization following prostate biopsy. Several classes of antibiotics are effective for prophylaxis in prostate biopsy, with the quinolones the best analysed class. There are no definitive data to confirm that antibiotic for long‐course is superior to short‐course treatment, or that multiple‐dose treatment is superior to single‐dose treatment.
Total versus subtotal hysterectomy for benign gynaecological conditions; Abstract - Background Hysterectomy using an abdominal approach removes either the uterus alone (subtotal hysterectomy) or both the uterus and the cervix (total hysterectomy). The latter is more common but the outcomes have not been systematically compared. Objectives To compare short term and long term outcomes of subtotal hysterectomy (STH) with total hysterectomy (TH) for benign gynaecological conditions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Menstrual Disorders and Subfertility Group Specialised Register of controlled trials (July 2011), CENTRAL (July 2011), MEDLINE (1966 to July 2011), EMBASE (1980 to July 2011), CINAHL (January 2005 to July 2011), Biological Abstracts (1980 to December 2005), the National Research Register and relevant citation lists. Selection criteria Only randomised controlled trials of women undergoing either total or subtotal hysterectomy for benign gynaecological conditions were included. Data collection and analysis Nine trials including 1553 participants were included. Independent selection of trials, assessment for risk of bias and data extraction were undertaken by two review authors and the results compared. Main results There was no evidence of a difference in the rates of multiple outcomes that assessed urinary, bowel or sexual function between TH and STH, either in the short term (up to two years post‐surgery) or long term (nine years post‐surgery). Length of operation (difference of 11 min) and amount of blood lost during surgery (difference of 57 ml) were significantly reduced during subtotal hysterectomy when compared with total hysterectomy. These differences are unlikely to constitute a clinical benefit and there was no evidence of a difference in the odds of blood transfusion. Post‐operative fever and urinary retention were less likely (fever: OR 0.48, 95% CI 0.3 to 0.8
High first dose quinine regimen for treating severe malaria; Abstract - Background Quinine is used for treating severe malaria. There are arguments for giving an initial high dose. We examined the evidence for and against this policy. Objectives To assess the clinical outcomes and adverse events of a high first (loading) dose regimen of quinine compared with a uniform (no loading) dose regimen in people with severe malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (February 2009), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 1, 2009), MEDLINE (1966 to February 2009), EMBASE (1974 to February 2009), LILACS (1982 to February 2009), and conference proceedings for relevant abstracts. We also contacted researchers working in the field and checked the reference lists of all studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing a high first (loading) dose of intravenous quinine with a uniform (no loading) dose of intravenous quinine in people with severe malaria. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers independently assessed the risk of bias in the trials and extracted data (including adverse event data). We used Review Manager 5.0 to analyse the data: risk ratio (RR) for binary data and mean difference (MD) for continuous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We contacted study authors for additional information. Main results Four trials (n = 144) met the inclusion criteria. Loading dose was associated with fewer deaths, but this was not statistically significant (RR 0.62, 95% CI 0.19 to 2.04
Surgical portosystemic shunts versus devascularisation procedures for prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis; Abstract - Background Hepatosplenic schistosomiasis is an important cause of variceal bleeding in low‐income countries. Randomised clinical trials have evaluated the outcomes of two categories of surgical interventions, shunts and devascularisation procedures, for the prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. The comparative overall benefits and harms of these two interventions are unclear. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of surgical portosystemic shunts versus oesophagogastric devascularisation procedures for the prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Science Citation Index Expanded, LILACS, reference lists of articles, and proceedings of relevant associations for trials that met the inclusion criteria (date of search 11 January 2018). Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials comparing surgical portosystemic shunts versus oesophagogastric devascularisation procedures for the prevention of variceal rebleeding in people with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the trials and extracted data using methodological standards expected by Cochrane. We assessed risk of bias according to domains and risk of random errors with GRADE and Trial Sequential Analysis. We assessed the certainty of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We found two randomised clinical trials including 154 adult participants, aged between 18 years and 65 years, diagnosed with hepatosplenic schistosomiasis. One of the trials randomised participants to proximal splenorenal shunt versus distal splenorenal shunt versus oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy, and the other randomised participants to distal splenorenal shunt versus oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy. In both trials the diagnosis of hepatosplenic schistosomiasis was made based on clinical and biochemical assessments. The trials were conducted in Brazil and Egypt. Both trials were at high risk of bias. We are uncertain as to whether surgical portosystemic shunts improved all‐cause mortality compared with oesophagogastric devascularisation with splenectomy due to imprecision in the trials (risk ratio (RR) 2.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 9.92
Pelargonium sidoides extract for treating acute respiratory tract infections; Abstract - Background  Pelargonium sidoides  ( P. sidoides ), also known as Umckaloabo, is a herbal remedy thought to be effective in the treatment of acute respiratory infections (ARIs). Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of  P. sidoides  for the treatment of ARIs in children and adults. Search methods In April 2013 we searched MEDLINE, Journals@Ovid,  The Cochrane Library , Biosis Previews, Web of Science, CINAHL, CCMed, XToxline, Global Health, AMED, Derwent Drug File and Backfile, IPA, ISTPB + ISTP/ISSHP, EMBASE, Cambase, LILACS, PubMed component “Supplied by Publisher”, TRIPdatabase, the publisher databases: Deutsches Ärzteblatt, Thieme, Springer, ScienceDirect from Elsevier. We conducted a cited reference search (forward) in Web of Science of relevant papers for inclusion. In addition we searched the study registries ClinicalTrials.gov, Deutsches Register klinischer Studien DRKS (German Clinical Trials Register), International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) – WHO ICTRP, Current Controlled Trials and EU Clinical Trials Register. Selection criteria Double‐blind, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the efficacy of  P. sidoides  preparations in ARIs compared to placebo or any other treatment. Complete resolution of all symptoms was defined as the primary outcome
Artemisinin derivatives for treating uncomplicated malaria; Abstract - Background Artemisinin derivatives are a relatively new group of drugs with antimalarial properties. As resistance to other antimalarial drugs continues to increase, artemisinin drugs may be useful alternatives. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of artemisinin drugs for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index, LILACS, African Index Medicus, conference abstracts, and reference lists of relevant articles. We contacted organisations, researchers in the field, and drug companies. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials of artemisinin derivatives, alone or in combination with other antimalarials, compared with standard antimalarial treatments, in adults or children with uncomplicated falciparum malaria. Only trials where treatment was given by mouth or suppository were included. Comparisons between different artemisinin derivatives and treatment regimens were also included. Data collection and analysis Eligibility and trial quality were assessed and data were extracted independently by the two reviewers. Main results Forty‐one trials involving over 5000 patients were included. Variation in study design and quality made synthesis of the data problematic. Allocation concealment was adequate in only two trials. Most data were from areas of multidrug resistant falciparum malaria in South‐East Asia. Compared with standard antimalarial treatments, artemisinin drugs showed fast parasite clearance and high cure rates at follow‐up, provided the duration of treatment with artemisinin drugs was adequate. Combination with mefloquine improved sustained parasite clearance and was effective in multidrug resistant areas. When doses were adequate, the combination shortened the duration of treatment. We found no evidence that artemisinin drugs are more harmful than standard treatment drugs over a typical trial period of 28 days. Authors' conclusions The evidence suggests that artemisinin drugs are effective and safe for treating uncomplicated malaria. There is no evidence from randomised trials that one artemisinin derivative is better than the others. In areas where there is mefloquine resistance, combination therapy with an artemisinin derivative appears to improve sustained parasite clearance compared with either drug alone. This review summarizes trials up to 1999. For the reasons in the 'What's new' section, this review will no longer be updated. 8 May 2019 No update planned Review superseded A wide variety of artemisinin derivative combination treatments are now in use. Please refer to the Cochrane Special Collection: Sinclair 2014 https://doi.org/10.1002/14651858.SC000007/full Plain language summary Artemisinin drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria are better used in combination therapy Artemisinin drugs come originally from a plant that has been used since ancient times in China as a traditional medicine for fever and malaria. These drugs act quickly and few side effects have been reported. Malaria parasites have so far not developed resistance to artemisinin drugs. The review shows that artemisinin drugs clear malaria parasites from the blood more effectively than standard treatment drugs. In areas where malaria parasites are more resistant to existing drugs, such as South‐East Asia, artemisinin drugs are not better at sustained parasite clearance than standard treatment with quinine or mefloquine. Combination treatment using an artemisinin drug together with the longer‐acting antimalarial drug mefloquine improves sustained clearance of parasites, but mefloquine is associated with adverse effects. There are few studies on combination treatment with longer‐acting antimalarial drugs that are safer than mefloquine. There is no evidence from trials that any of the several artemisinin derivatives is better than the others.
Modes of administration of antibiotics for symptomatic severe urinary tract infections; Abstract - Background Urinary tract infection (UTI), worldwide, is a major source of disease in children and adults. As it may have long‐term consequences such as kidney failure and hypertension, it is important to treat patients with UTI adequately. Although standard management of severe UTI usually means intravenous (IV) therapy, at least initially, there are studies showing that oral therapy may also be effective. Objectives To assess whether the mode of administration of antibiotic therapy for severe UTI has an effect on cure rate, reinfection rate and kidney scarring. Search methods The Cochrane Renal Group's specialised register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, in  The Cochrane Library) , MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched. No language restriction was applied. Reference lists of relevant articles and reviews were checked for additional studies and authors of relevant articles/abstracts were contacted for further information. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different modes of antibiotic application for patients with severe UTI (children and adults) were considered. Data collection and analysis Study quality was assessed and data extracted. Statistical analyses were performed using the random effects model and the results expressed as risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous outcomes or mean difference (MD) for continuous data with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Fifteen RCTs (1743 patients) were included. Studies compared oral versus parenteral treatment (1), oral versus switch treatment (initial intravenous (IV) or intramuscular (IM) therapy followed by oral therapy) (5), switch versus parenteral treatment (6) and single dose parenteral followed by oral therapy versus oral (1) or switch therapy (3). There was a variety of short‐term and long‐term outcomes, but no pooled outcomes showed significant differences. Most included studies were small though and there were few outcomes for combination in a meta‐analysis. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence suggesting that oral antibiotic therapy is less effective for treatment of severe UTI than parenteral or initial parenteral therapy. The results of this review suggest that the mode of application does not determine therapeutic success. Plain language summary No evidence that oral antibiotic therapy is less effective for treating urinary tract infection than intravenous antibiotics Severe urinary tract infection (UTI) is a common infection in adults and children, causing acute disease with a variety of symptoms such as fever and flank pain. This may lead to kidney damage, kidney failure or hypertension. Standard therapy involves antibiotics given at least initially by injection. This review identified 15 studies (1743 participants). The results of this review suggest oral therapy is equally effective in treating UTI and preventing long‐term damage. This might reduce costs but also inconvenience for the patient.
Antibiotics for infection prevention after excision of the cervical transformation zone; Abstract - Background Excision of the transformation zone of the cervix is the most commonly used approach to treat cervical precancerous lesions (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) to reduce the risk of developing cervical cancer. As the excision of the transformation zone leaves a raw area on the cervix, there is a risk of infection following the procedure. The incidence of infection after cold knife conization (CKC) is 36%, whereas the incidence for large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ, also known as loop electrical excision procedure (LEEP)) is much lower (0.8% to 14.4%). Prophalytic antibiotics may prevent an infection developing and are often prescribed for CKC. However, there are no formal recommendations regarding the use of prophylactic antibiotics for infection prevention in women undergoing surgical excisional treatment for cervical precancerous lesions. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of antibiotics for infection prevention following excision of the cervical transformation zone. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2016, Issue 4), MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS to May 2016. We also checked registers of clinical trials, citation lists of included studies, key textbooks and previous systematic reviews for potentially relevant studies Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effectiveness and safety of prophylactic antibiotics versus a placebo or no treatment in women having excision of the cervical transformation zone, regardless of the type of surgical excisional method used. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Two review authors independently selected potentially relevant trials, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias, compared results and resolved disagreements by discussion. We contacted investigators for additional data, where possible. Main results Of the 370 records that we identified as a result of the search (excluding duplicates), we regarded six abstracts and titles as potentially relevant studies. Of these six studies, three met the inclusion criteria involving 708 participants
Fish oil for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis; Abstract - Background Fish oil supplements, which are rich in n‐3 fatty acids, may reduce inflammation, decrease the need for anti‐inflammatory drugs, and promote normal weight gain in people with ulcerative colitis. Objectives This review evaluates the efficacy of fish oil for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis using all available randomised controlled trials. Search methods The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), PUBMED, EMBASE, CINAHL, the database of ongoing trials and the reference lists of all publications of included or excluded trials were searched. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials with active ulcerative colitis patients who were treated with fish oil. Data collection and analysis The reviewers performed study selection, assessment of methodological quality by using different approaches: including Cochrane assessment of allocation concealment and Jadad quality assessment score. Data extraction forms were used by the two reviewers to extract the data independently. Authors were contacted for additional information. Main results Six studies were included. Three were of cross‐over design and three were of parallel design. No data were pooled for analysis due to differences in outcomes and methodology among the included studies. One small study shows a positive benefit for induction of remission (RR 19.00
Antimicrobial agents for preventing urinary tract infections in adults undergoing cystoscopy; Abstract - Background Cystoscopy is commonly performed for diagnostic purposes to inspect the interior lining of the bladder. One disadvantage of cystoscopy is the risk of symptomatic urinary tract infection (UTI) due to pre‐existing colonization or by introduction of bacteria at the time of the procedure. However, the incidence of symptomatic UTI following cystoscopy is low. Currently, there is no consensus on whether antimicrobial agents should be used to prevent symptomatic UTI for cystoscopy. Objectives To assess the effects of antimicrobial agents compared with placebo or no treatment for prevention of UTI in adults undergoing cystoscopy. Search methods We comprehensively searched electronic databases of the Cochrane Library, PubMed, Embase, LILACS, and CINAHL. We searched the WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov for ongoing trials. We used no language or date restrictions in the electronic searches. We searched the reference lists of identified articles and contacted authors for related information. The last search of the electronic databases was 4 February 2019. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs that compared any prophylactic antibiotic versus placebo, no treatment, or other non‐antibiotic prophylaxis in adults undergoing cystoscopy. There was no restriction on the dose, frequency, formulation, duration, or mode of administration of the antibiotics. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were systemic UTI, symptomatic UTI (composite of systemic and/or localized UTI), and serious adverse events. Secondary outcomes were minor adverse events, localized UTI, asymptomatic bacteriuria, and bacterial resistance. We assessed the quality of evidence using GRADE. Main results We included 20 RCTs and two quasi‐RCTs with 7711 participants, all of which compared antibiotic prophylaxis with placebo or no treatment control. We found no studies comparing antibiotic prophylaxis with non‐antibiotic prophylaxis. Primary outcomes Systemic UTI : antibiotic prophylaxis may have little or no effect on the risk of systemic UTI compared with placebo or no treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 3.32
Advising patients to increase fluid intake for treating acute respiratory infections; Abstract - Background Acute respiratory infection is a common reason for people to present for medical care. Advice to increase fluid intake is a frequent treatment recommendation. Attributed benefits of fluids include replacing increased insensible fluid losses, correcting dehydration from reduced intake and reducing the viscosity of mucus. However, there are theoretical reasons for increased fluid intake to cause harm. Anti‐diuretic hormone secretion is increased in lower respiratory tract infections of various aetiologies. This systematic examination of the evidence sought to determine the benefit versus harm from increasing fluid intake. Objectives To answer the following questions. 1. Does recommending increased fluid intake as a treatment for acute respiratory infections improve duration and severity of symptoms?   2. Are there adverse effects from recommending increased fluids in people with acute respiratory infections?   3. Are any benefits or harms related to site of infection (upper or lower respiratory tract) or a different severity of illness? Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2010, issue 4), which contains the Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to November Week 3, 2010), EMBASE (1974 to December 2010), Current Contents (2000 to December 2010) and CINAHL (1982 to December 2010). We searched reference lists of articles identified and contacted experts in the relevant disciplines. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effect of increasing fluid intake in people with acute respiratory infections. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the identified studies to determine eligibility for inclusion. Main results No RCTs assessing the effect of increasing fluid intake in acute respiratory infections were found. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence from RCTs for or against the recommendation to increase fluids in acute respiratory infections. The implications for fluid management of acute respiratory infections in the outpatient or primary care setting have not been studied in any RCTs to date. Some non‐experimental (observational) studies report that increasing fluid intake in acute respiratory infections of the lower respiratory tract may cause harm. RCTs need to be done to determine the true effect of this very common medical advice. Plain language summary Advising patients to increase fluid intake for treating acute respiratory infections Doctors commonly recommend that people with acute respiratory infections drink extra fluids. Acute infections include colds, acute sinusitis, tonsillitis, laryngitis, bronchitis, pneumonia and influenza. This review intended to find out the benefit or harm from this recommendation. Potential benefits of fluids are replacing fluid lost because of fever or rapid breathing, treating dehydration and reducing the viscosity of mucus. In infections of the lower part of the respiratory tract, possible harmful effects of fluids might be a dilution of the blood sodium concentration, leading to headache, confusion and seizures. This review found no evidence for or against the use of increased fluids in acute respiratory infections. No randomised controlled trials have been conducted to determine the benefit or harm from extra fluids. It is important that further studies be done in order to determine the true effect of this very common medical advice.
Methods of delivering the placenta at caesarean section; Abstract - Background Worldwide, caesarean section is the most common major operation performed on women. Some of the reported short‐term morbidities include haemorrhage, postoperative fever and endometritis. The method of delivering the placenta is one procedure that may contribute to an increase or decrease in the morbidity of caesarean section. Two common methods used to deliver the placenta at caesarean section are cord traction and manual removal. Objectives To compare the effects of manual removal of the placenta with cord traction at caesarean section. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2007). Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials comparing manual removal and cord traction or spontaneous of delivery of the placenta. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed studies and extracted data. Main results We included 15 studies (4694 women). There was significant heterogeneity for the duration of surgery, blood loss and haematological outcomes. The only possible contributing factor found was greater protection from blood loss in two trials in which cord traction was combined with uterine massage. A random‐effects model meta‐analysis was used for these outcomes. Manual removal of the placenta was associated with more endometritis (relative risk (RR) 1.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.42 to 1.90
Abdominal surgical incisions for caesarean section; Abstract - Background Caesarean section is the commonest major operation performed on women worldwide. Operative techniques, including abdominal incisions, vary. Some of these techniques have been evaluated through randomised trials. Objectives To determine the benefits and risks of alternative methods of abdominal surgical incisions for caesarean section. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (28 February 2013). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of intention to perform caesarean section using different abdominal incisions. Data collection and analysis We extracted data from the sources, checked them for accuracy and analysed the data. Main results Four studies (666 women) were included in this review. Two studies (411 women) compared the Joel‐Cohen incision with the Pfannenstiel incision. Overall, there was a 65% reduction in reported postoperative febrile morbidity (risk ratio (RR) 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.87) with the Joel‐Cohen incision. One of the trials reported reduced postoperative analgesic requirements (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.76)
Pre‐emptive antifungal therapy versus empirical antifungal therapy for febrile neutropenia in people with cancer; Abstract - Background Intensive cytotoxic chemotherapy for people with cancer can cause severe and prolonged cytopenia, especially neutropenia, a critical condition that is potentially life‐threatening. When manifested by fever and neutropenia, it is called febrile neutropenia (FN). Invasive fungal disease (IFD) is one of the serious aetiologies of chemotherapy‐induced FN. In pre‐emptive therapy, physicians only initiate antifungal therapy when an invasive fungal infection is detected by a diagnostic test. Compared to empirical antifungal therapy, pre‐emptive therapy may reduce the use of antifungal agents and associated adverse effects, but may increase mortality. The benefits and harms associated with the two treatment strategies have yet to be determined.  Objectives To assess the relative efficacy, safety, and impact on antifungal agent use of pre‐emptive versus empirical antifungal therapy in people with cancer who have febrile neutropenia. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE Ovid, Embase Ovid, and ClinicalTrials.gov to October 2021. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre‐emptive antifungal therapy with empirical antifungal therapy for people with cancer. Data collection and analysis We identified 2257 records from the databases and handsearching. After removing duplicates, screening titles and abstracts, and reviewing full‐text reports, we included seven studies in the review. We evaluated the effects on all‐cause mortality, mortality ascribed to fungal infection, proportion of antifungal agent use (other than prophylactic use), duration of antifungal use (days), invasive fungal infection detection, and adverse effects for the comparison of pre‐emptive versus empirical antifungal therapy. We presented the overall certainty of the evidence for each outcome according to the GRADE approach. Main results This review includes 1480 participants from seven randomised controlled trials. Included studies only enroled participants at high risk of FN (e.g. people with haematological malignancy)
Antibiotic prophylaxis during the second and third trimester to reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes and morbidity; Abstract - Background Several studies have suggested that prophylactic antibiotics given during pregnancy improved maternal and perinatal outcomes, while others have shown no benefit and some have reported adverse effects. Objectives To determine the effect of prophylactic antibiotics on maternal and perinatal outcomes during the second and third trimester of pregnancy for all women or women at risk of preterm delivery. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 April 2015) and reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing prophylactic antibiotic treatment with placebo or no treatment for women in the second or third trimester of pregnancy before labour. Data collection and analysis We assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results The review included eight randomised controlled trials. Approximately 4300 women were recruited to detect the effect of prophylactic antibiotic administration on pregnancy outcomes. Primary outcomes Antibiotic prophylaxis did not reduce the risk of preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (risk ratio (RR) 0.31
Intravenous immunoglobulin for myasthenia gravis; Abstract - Background Myasthenia gravis is an autoimmune disease in which autoantibodies interfere with neuromuscular transmission. As with other autoimmune diseases, people with myasthenia gravis would be expected to benefit from intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg). This is an update of a review first published in 2003 and last updated in 2007. Objectives To examine the efficacy of IVIg for treating exacerbations of myasthenia gravis or for chronic myasthenia gravis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Neuromuscular Disease Group Specialized Register (11 October 2011), CENTRAL (2011, Issue 3), MEDLINE (January 1966 to September 2011) and EMBASE (January 1980 to September 2011) using 'myasthenia gravis' and 'intravenous immunoglobulin' as the search terms. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs in which IVIg was compared with no treatment, placebo or plasma exchange, in people with myasthenia gravis. Data collection and analysis One review author extracted the data and two others checked these data. For methodological reasons, no formal meta‐analysis was performed. Main results We identified seven RCTs. These trials differ in inclusion criteria, comparison with alternative treatment and outcomes. In a trial comparing IVIg with placebo, including 51 participants with myasthenia gravis worsening, the mean difference (MD) in quantitative myasthenia gravis score (QMGS) (MD 95% CI) after 14 days was: ‐1.60 (95% CI ‐ 3.23 to 0.03) this result being borderline statistically significant in favour of IVIg. In an unblinded study of 87 participants with exacerbation comparing IVIg and plasma exchange there was no difference in myasthenic muscle score (MMS) after 15 days (MD ‐1.00
Interventions for orbital lymphangioma; Abstract - Background Orbital lymphangiomas are a subset of localized vascular and lymphatic malformations, which most commonly occur in the head and neck region. Orbital lymphangiomas typically present in the first decade of life with signs of ptosis, proptosis, restriction of ocular motility, compressive optic neuropathy, and disfigurement. Therefore, early and effective treatment is crucial to preserving vision. Due to proximity to vital structures, such as the globe, optic nerve, and extraocular muscles, treatment for these lesions is complicated and includes a large array of approaches including observation, sclerotherapy, systemic therapy, and surgical excision. Of these options, there is no clear gold standard of treatment. Objectives To assess the evidence supporting medical and surgical interventions for the reduction/treatment of orbital lymphangiomas in children and young adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2018, Issue 5)
Aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for treating hydrocoeles; Abstract - Background Hydrocoeles are common cystic scrotal abnormalities, described as a fluid‐filled collection between the visceral and parietal layers of the tunica vaginalis of the scrotum. There are two approaches for treatment of hydrocoeles: surgical open hydrocoelectomy and aspiration followed by sclerotherapy.  Objectives We compared the benefits and harms of aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for the management of hydrocoeles. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group's Specialised Register to 2 August 2014 through contact with the Trials' Search Co‐ordinator using search terms relevant to this review. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing aspiration and sclerotherapy versus hydrocoelectomy for the management of hydrocoeles. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias in the included studies. Random effects meta‐analyses were performed using relative risk (RR) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MD) for continuous outcomes, with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to aspiration and sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydroceles) and surgery (120 patients with 123 hydroceles). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. Blinding for statisticians was not reported in any of included studies. There were no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or perhaps due to the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery) (2 studies, 136 participants: RR 0.74
Antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplant recipients; Abstract - Background Asymptomatic bacteriuria, defined as bacteriuria without signs or symptoms of urinary tract infection (UTI), occurs in 17% to 51% of kidney transplant recipients and is thought to increase the risk for a subsequent UTI. No consensus exists on the role of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplantation. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of treating asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplant recipients with antimicrobial agents to prevent symptomatic UTI, all‐cause mortality and the indirect effects of UTI (acute rejection, graft loss, worsening of graft function). Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Register of Studies up to 1 September 2017 through contact with the Information Specialist using search terms relevant to this review. Studies in the Register are identified through searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE, conference proceedings, the International Clinical Trials Register (ICTRP) Search Portal, and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs in any language assessing treatment of asymptomatic bacteriuria in kidney transplant recipients at any time‐point after transplantation. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently determined study eligibility, assessed quality and extracted data. Primary outcomes were incidence of symptomatic UTI and incidence of antimicrobial resistance. Other outcomes included incidences of all‐cause mortality, graft loss, graft rejection, graft function, hospitalisation for UTI, adverse reactions to antimicrobial agents and relapse or persistence of asymptomatic bacteriuria. We expressed dichotomous outcomes as absolute risk difference (RD) or risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and continuous data as mean differences (MD) with 95% CI. Data were pooled using the random effects model. Main results We included two studies (212 participants) comparing antibiotics versus no treatment, and identified three on‐going studies. Overall, incidence of symptomatic UTI varied between 19% and 31% in the groups not treated for asymptomatic bacteriuria. Antibiotic treatment had uncertain effects on preventing symptomatic UTI (2 studies, 200 participants: RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.45). Risk for selecting multidrug‐resistant organisms was uncertain with antibiotic treatment (1 study, 112 participants: RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.60 to 2.41). Persistence of asymptomatic bacteriuria was high regardless of treatment. Antibiotics also have uncertain effects on other important patient and graft outcomes, for instance on all‐cause mortality (1 study, 112 participants: RR 2.23, 95% CI 0.21 to 23.86), graft loss (1 study, 112 participants: RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.07 to 17.36), acute rejection (1 study, 112 participants: RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.44 to 1.97), hospitalisation for UTI (1 study, 112 participants: RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.13 to 4.27), graft function (2 studies, 200 participants, MD in serum creatinine concentration ‐0.06 mg/dL, 95% CI ‐0.19 to 0.08) and adverse reactions (1 study, 112 participants: no severe adverse event attributable to the antibiotic treatment). Evidence quality was low for all outcomes. Authors' conclusions Currently, there is insufficient evidence to support routinely treating kidney transplant recipients with antibiotics in case of asymptomatic bacteriuria after transplantation, but data are scarce. Further studies assessing routine antibiotic treatment would inform practice and we await the results of three ongoing randomised studies, which may help resolve existing uncertainties. Plain language summary Antibiotics for bacterial infection in the urine in kidney transplant recipients when there are no symptoms What is the issue?   Bacteria in the urine in kidney transplant recipients when there are no symptoms of urine infection is called asymptomatic bacteriuria. Up to one in two people with a kidney transplant will develop a bacterial infection of the urine (bacteriuria) at some point after transplantation. Bacteriuria with symptoms like fever, chills, painful urination, abdominal pain and blood in urine is a urinary tract infection (UTI). Bacteriuria often occurs without symptoms and it is frequently treated with antibiotics with the idea this might help avoid subsequent UTI. Avoiding UTI might improve patient and transplant survival. However, it is unclear how many people with asymptomatic bacteriuria go on to develop UTI symptoms
Antibiotic prophylaxis for operative vaginal delivery; Abstract - Background Vacuum and forceps assisted vaginal deliveries are reported to increase the incidence of postpartum infections and maternal readmission to hospital compared to spontaneous vaginal delivery. Prophylactic antibiotics may be prescribed to prevent these infections. However, the benefit of antibiotic prophylaxis for operative vaginal deliveries is still unclear. This is an update of a review last published in 2017. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of antibiotic prophylaxis in reducing infectious puerperal morbidities in women undergoing operative vaginal deliveries including vacuum or forceps delivery, or both. Search methods For this update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (5 July 2019), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials comparing any prophylactic antibiotic regimens with placebo or no treatment in women undergoing vacuum or forceps deliveries were eligible. Participants were all pregnant women without evidence of infections or other indications for antibiotics of any gestational age. Interventions were any antibiotic prophylaxis (any dosage regimen, any route of administration or at any time during delivery or the puerperium). Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias. Two review authors extracted the data independently using prepared data extraction forms. Any discrepancies were resolved by discussion and a consensus reached through discussion with all review authors. We assessed methodological quality of the two included studies using the GRADE approach. Main results Two studies, involving 3813 women undergoing either vacuum or forceps deliveries, were included. One study involving 393 women compared the antibiotic intravenous cefotetan after cord clamping compared with no treatment. The other study involving 3420 women compared a single dose of intravenous amoxicillin and clavulanic acid with placebo using 20 mL of intravenous sterile 0.9% saline. The evidence suggests that prophylactic antibiotics reduce superficial perineal wound infection (risk ratio (RR) 0.53, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 0.69
Drug therapy for obstructive sleep apnoea in adults; Abstract - Background The treatment of choice for moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) is continuous positive airways pressure (CPAP) applied via a mask during sleep. However, this is not tolerated by all individuals and its role in mild OSA is not proven. Drug therapy has been proposed as an alternative to CPAP in some patients with mild to moderate sleep apnoea and could be of value in patients intolerant of CPAP. A number of mechanisms have been proposed by which drugs could reduce the severity of OSA. These include an increase in tone in the upper airway dilator muscles, an increase in ventilatory drive, a reduction in the proportion of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, an increase in cholinergic tone during sleep, an increase in arousal threshold, a reduction in airway resistance and a reduction in surface tension in the upper airway. Objectives To determine the efficacy of drug therapies in the specific treatment of sleep apnoea. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Airways Group Specialised Register of trials. Searches were current as of July 2012. Selection criteria Randomised, placebo controlled trials involving adult patients with confirmed OSA. We excluded trials if continuous positive airways pressure, mandibular devices or oxygen therapy were used. We excluded studies investigating treatment of associated conditions such as excessive sleepiness, hypertension, gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease and obesity. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures recommended by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results Thirty trials of 25 drugs, involving 516 participants, contributed data to the review. Drugs had several different proposed modes of action and the results were grouped accordingly in the review. Each of the studies stated that the participants had OSA but diagnostic criteria were not always explicit and it was possible that some patients with central apnoeas may have been recruited. Acetazolamide, eszopiclone, naltrexone, nasal lubricant (phosphocholinamine) and physiostigmine were administered for one to two nights only. Donepezil in patients with and without Alzheimer's disease, fluticasone in patients with allergic rhinitis, combinations of ondansetrone and fluoxetine and paroxetine were trials of one to three months duration, however most of the studies were small and had methodological limitations. The overall quality of the available evidence was low. The primary outcomes for the systematic review were the apnoea hypopnoea index (AHI) and the level of sleepiness associated with OSA, estimated by the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS). AHI was reported in 25 studies and of these 10 showed statistically significant reductions in AHI. Fluticasone in patients with allergic rhinitis was well tolerated and reduced the severity of sleep apnoea compared with placebo (AHI 23.3 versus 30.3
Leukotriene inhibitors for bronchiolitis in infants and young children; Abstract - Background Bronchiolitis is an acute inflammatory illness of the bronchioles common among infants and young children. It is often caused by the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Management of bronchiolitis varies between clinicians, reflecting the lack of evidence for a specific treatment approach. The leukotriene pathway has been reported to be involved in the pathogenesis of bronchiolitis. Leukotriene inhibitors such as montelukast have been used in infants and young children with bronchiolitis. However, the results from limited randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are controversial and necessitate a thorough evaluation of their efficacy for bronchiolitis in infants and young children. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of leukotriene inhibitors for bronchiolitis in infants and young children. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2014, Issue 5), MEDLINE (1946 to April week 4, 2014), EMBASE (1974 to May 2014), CINAHL (1981 to May 2014), LILACS (1982 to May 2014), Web of Science (1985 to May 2014), WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov (6 May 2014). Selection criteria RCTs comparing leukotriene inhibitors versus placebo or another intervention in infants and young children under two years of age diagnosed with bronchiolitis. Our primary outcomes were length of hospital stay and all‐cause mortality. Secondary outcomes included clinical severity score, percentage of symptom‐free days, percentage of children requiring ventilation, oxygen saturation, recurrent wheezing, respiratory rate and clinical adverse effects. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane Collaboration methodological practices. Two authors independently assessed trial eligibility and extracted data, such as general information, participant characteristics, interventions and outcomes. We assessed risk of bias and graded the quality of the evidence. We used Review Manager software to pool results and chose random‐effects models for meta‐analysis. Main results We included five studies with a total of 1296 participants under two years of age hospitalised with bronchiolitis. Two studies with low risk of bias compared 4 mg montelukast (a leukotriene inhibitor) daily use from admission until discharge with a matching placebo. Both selected length of hospital stay as a primary outcome and clinical severity score as a secondary outcome. However, the effects of leukotriene inhibitors on length of hospital stay and clinical severity score were uncertain due to considerable heterogeneity between the study results and wide confidence intervals around the estimated effects (hospital stay: mean difference (MD) ‐0.95 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐3.08 to 1.19, P value = 0.38, low quality evidence
Pain management for women in labour: an overview of systematic reviews; Abstract - Background The pain that women experience during labour is affected by multiple physiological and psychosocial factors and its intensity can vary greatly.  Most women in labour require pain relief. Pain management strategies include non‐pharmacological interventions (that aim to help women cope with pain in labour) and pharmacological interventions (that aim to relieve the pain of labour). Objectives To summarise the evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews on the efficacy and safety of non‐pharmacological and pharmacological interventions to manage pain in labour. We considered findings from non‐Cochrane systematic reviews if there was no relevant Cochrane review. Methods We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 5), The Cochrane Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 2 of 4), MEDLINE (1966 to 31 May 2011) and EMBASE (1974 to 31 May 2011) to identify all relevant systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials of pain management in labour. Each of the contributing Cochrane reviews (six new, nine updated) followed a generic protocol with 13 common primary efficacy and safety outcomes. Each Cochrane review included comparisons with placebo, standard care or with a different intervention according to a predefined hierarchy of interventions. Two review authors extracted data and assessed methodological quality, and data were checked by a third author. This overview is a narrative summary of the results obtained from individual reviews. Main results We identified 15 Cochrane reviews (255 included trials) and three non‐Cochrane reviews (55 included trials) for inclusion within this overview. For all interventions, with available data, results are presented as comparisons of: 1. Intervention versus placebo or standard care
Intramuscular arteether for treating severe malaria; Abstract - Background Quinine and artemisinin drugs are used in severe malaria, but quinine resistance is increasing. Arteether is a recently developed artemisinin derivative that is oil soluble, has a long elimination half life, and is more stable than other derivatives. Objectives To compare intramuscular arteether with other antimalarial drugs to treat severe malaria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (October 2010), CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 3, 2010), MEDLINE (1966 to October 2010), EMBASE (1980 to October 2010), U.S. National Library of Medicine (NLM) Gateway (1953 to 1965), Web Science Citation (1981 to October 2010), LILACS (October 2010), Google search engine (October 2010), conference proceedings, and reference lists. We also contacted researchers, organizations, and pharmaceutical companies to help identify trials. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials of intramuscular arteether in adults and children with severe malaria. Data collection and analysis We independently assessed the risk of bias in the trials and extracted data, and analysed data using Review Manager 5. Main results Two small trials (n = 194) met the inclusion criteria. Both trials compared arteether with quinine in children with cerebral malaria and reported on similar outcomes. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of deaths (risk ratio 0.75, 95% confidence interval 0.43 to 1.30
High‐dose therapy with autologous stem cell transplantation versus chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy for follicular lymphoma in adults; Abstract - Background Follicular lymphoma (FL) is the most common indolent and second most common Non‐Hodgkin`s lymphoma (NHL) in the Western world. Standard treatment usually includes rituximab and chemotherapy. High‐dose therapy (HDT) followed by autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT) is an option for patients in advanced stages or for second‐line therapy, leading to improved progression‐free survival (PFS) rates. However, the impact of HDT and ASCT remains unclear, as there are hints of an increased risk of second cancers. Objectives We performed a systematic review with meta‐analysis of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDT plus ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy in patients with FL with respect to overall survival (OS), PFS, treatment‐related mortality (TRM), adverse events and secondary malignancies. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE as well as conference proceedings from January 1985 to September 2011 for RCTs. Two review authors independently screened search results. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing chemotherapy or immuno‐chemotherapy with HDT followed by ASCT in adults with previously untreated or relapsed FL. Data collection and analysis We used hazard ratios (HR) as effect measures used for OS and PFS as well as relative risks for response rates. Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. Main results Our search strategies led to 3046 potentially relevant references. Of these, five RCTs involving 1093 patients were included
Needle aspiration versus incision and drainage for the treatment of peritonsillar abscess; Abstract - Background Peritonsillar abscess is a common infection presenting as a collection of pus in the peritonsillar area. The condition is characterised by a severe sore throat, difficulty in swallowing and pain on swallowing, fever and malaise, and trismus. Needle aspiration and incision and drainage are the two main treatment modalities currently used in the treatment of this condition. The effectiveness of one versus the other has not been clearly demonstrated and remains an area of debate. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and risks of needle aspiration versus incision and drainage for the treatment of peritonsillar abscess in older children (eight years of age or older), adolescents and adults. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the ENT Trials Register
Anti‐histamines for prolonged non‐specific cough in children; Abstract - Background Non‐specific cough is defined as non‐productive cough in the absence of identifiable respiratory disease or known aetiology. It is commonly seen in paediatric practice. These children are treated with a variety of therapies including anti‐histamines. Also, anti‐histamines are advocated as an empirical treatment in adults with chronic cough. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of anti‐histamines in treating children with prolonged non‐specific cough. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, OLDMEDLINE and EMBASE databases. The latest searches were performed in November 2009. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials comparing anti‐histamines with a placebo or placebo‐like medication with cough as an outcome, where cough is not primarily related to an underlying respiratory disorder such as cystic fibrosis, asthma, or suppurative lung disease. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study quality and extracted data. Main results Three included therapeutic studies had 182 randomised participants with 162 completing the trials although in one study, children with recurrent wheeze were also included. The four included safety evaluation studies randomised 3166 participants with 2862 completing the trials. Clinical heterogeneity was evident and limited data prevented combining data for meta‐analysis. The two larger therapeutic studies described significant improvement in both the intervention and the placebo/placebo‐like arms with no significant difference between the two groups. In the study with the smallest sample size, cetirizine (a second generation anti‐histamine) was significantly more efficacious than placebo in reducing chronic cough in children associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis, and the effect was seen within two weeks of therapy. In contrast three of the larger evaluation studies that enrolled children with allergic rhinitis described a non‐significant increase in cough as an adverse event. Combined data from the four safety evaluation studies revealed a non‐significant difference between groups (OR 1.47 , 95% CI 0.86, 2.49) for cough as an adverse event but the trend favoured the placebo arm. Authors' conclusions This review has significant limitations. However, our finding of uncertain efficacy of anti‐histamines for chronic cough are similar to that for acute cough in children. In contrast to recommendations in adults with chronic cough, anti‐histamines cannot be recommended as empirical therapy for children with chronic cough. If anti‐histamines were to be trialled in these children, current data suggest a clinical response (time to response) occurs within two weeks of therapy. However the use of anti‐histamines in children with non‐specific cough has to be balanced against the well known risk of adverse events especially in very young children. Plain language summary Anti‐histamines for prolonged non‐specific cough in children Children with non‐specific cough are commonly treated with a variety of medications to treat the symptom of cough. The objective of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of anti‐histamines in children with prolonged cough that is not related to an underlying respiratory disease, that is, non‐specific chronic cough. We included three therapeutic studies with 182 randomised participants. Two studies found that chronic cough significantly improved in both treatment and placebo groups with no difference between the two groups. One small study however described that children who had chronic cough associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis treated with cetirizine improved significantly more than children on placebo and this difference was evident by two weeks. Four studies that evaluated safety profiles included 3166 randomised participants and described a non significant increase in cough in participants who received the active medication. Despite the limitations of this review, our findings are similar to the review on anti‐histamines for acute cough which showed no good evidence for or against the use of anti‐histamines. In contrast to recommendations in adults with chronic cough, anti‐histamines cannot be recommended as empirical therapy for children with chronic cough. Further research examining the effects of this treatment using child appropriate cough outcome measures is needed.
Immersion in water during labour and birth; Abstract - Background Water immersion during labour and birth is increasingly popular and is becoming widely accepted across many countries, and particularly in midwifery‐led care settings. However, there are concerns around neonatal water inhalation, increased requirement for admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), maternal and/or neonatal infection, and obstetric anal sphincter injuries (OASIS). This is an update of a review last published in 2011. Objectives To assess the effects of water immersion during labour and/or birth (first, second and third stage of labour) on women and their infants. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov  and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (18 July 2017), and reference lists of retrieved trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing water immersion with no immersion, or other non‐pharmacological forms of pain management during labour and/or birth in healthy low‐risk women at term gestation with a singleton fetus. Quasi‐RCTs and cluster‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Cross‐over trials were not eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Two review authors assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results This review includes 15 trials conducted between 1990 and 2015 (3663 women): eight involved water immersion during the first stage of labour
Different antibiotic treatments for group A streptococcal pharyngitis; Abstract - Background Antibiotics provide only modest benefit in treating sore throat, although their effectiveness increases in people with positive throat swabs for group A beta‐haemolytic streptococci (GABHS). It is unclear which antibiotic is the best choice if antibiotics are indicated. This is an update of a review first published in 2010, and updated in 2013, 2016, and 2021. Objectives To assess the comparative efficacy of different antibiotics in: (a) alleviating symptoms (pain, fever)
Inhaled bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background Bronchodilators are used to treat bronchial hyper‐responsiveness in asthma. Bronchial hyper‐responsiveness may be a component of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Therefore, bronchodilators may be useful in the treatment of acute chest syndrome. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Objectives The aim of the review is to determine whether the use of inhaled, short‐acting bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome reduces morbidity and mortality in people with sickle cell disease and to assess whether this treatment causes adverse effects. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Trials Register comprising references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches, handsearches of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. Additional searches were carried out on MEDLINE (1966 to 2004) and Embase (1981 to 2004) and ongoing trial registries (28 September 2022). Date of the most recent search of the Group's Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register: 25 July 2022. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials. Trials using quasi‐randomisation methods will be included in future updates of this review if there is sufficient evidence that the treatment and control groups are similar at baseline. Data collection and analysis We found no trials investigating the use of bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Main results We found no trials investigating the use of bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Authors' conclusions If bronchial hyper‐responsiveness is an important component of some episodes of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease, the use of inhaled bronchodilators may be indicated. There is need for a well‐designed, adequately‐powered randomised controlled trial to assess the benefits and risks of the addition of inhaled bronchodilators to established therapies for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease. Plain language summary Inhaled drugs for opening up the airways in cases of acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease Review question Can inhaled, short‐acting bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome reduce illness and mortality in people with sickle cell disease and does this treatment cause adverse effects?  Background Sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder. People with sickle cell disease often suffer from acute chest syndrome. Acute chest syndrome can cause fever, coughing, chest pain and shortness of breath and can be life‐threatening. Often, people with sickle cell disease and acute chest syndrome also wheeze. Wheezing suggests that airways are narrowed, as with asthma. Bronchodilators are drugs which relax the muscles in the airways, so they open up to make breathing easier. They are used in this way for asthma, so may be of similar use in acute chest syndrome. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Search date The evidence is current to: 25 July 2022. Study characteristics We found no trials to show the effects of these drugs for this condition. Key results Research needs to assess the benefits and risks of using inhaled bronchodilators for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease.
Artemisinin derivatives for treating severe malaria; Abstract - Background Artemisinin derivatives may have advantages over quinoline drugs for treating severe malaria since they are fast acting and effective against quinine resistant malaria parasites. Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the effects of artemisinin drugs for severe and complicated falciparum malaria in adults and children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Citation Index, LILACS, African Index Medicus, conference abstracts, and reference lists of articles. We contacted organisations, researchers in the field and drug companies. Selection criteria Randomised and pseudo‐randomised trials comparing artemisinin drugs (rectal, intramuscular or intravenous) with standard treatment, or comparisons between artemisinin derivatives in adults or children with severe or complicated falciparum malaria. Data collection and analysis Eligibility, trial quality assessment and data extraction were done independently by two reviewers. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Main results Twenty three trials are included, allocation concealment was adequate in nine. Sixteen trials compared artemisinin drugs with quinine in 2653 patients. Artemisinin drugs were associated with better survival (mortality odds ratio 0.61, 95% confidence interval 0.46 to 0.82, random effects model). In trials where concealment of allocation was adequate (2261 patients), this was barely statistically significant (odds ratio 0.72, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.96, random effects model). In 1939 patients with cerebral malaria, mortality was also lower with artemisinin drugs overall (odds ratio 0.63, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.88, random effects model). The difference was not significant however when only trials reporting adequate concealment of allocation were analysed (odds ratio 0.78, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.10, random effects model) based on 1607 patients. No difference in neurological sequelae was shown. Compared with quinine, artemisinin drugs showed faster parasite clearance from the blood and similar adverse effects. Authors' conclusions The evidence suggests that artemisinin drugs are no worse than quinine in preventing death in severe or complicated malaria. No artemisinin derivative appears to be better than the others. This review summarizes trials up to 1999. For the reasons in the 'What's new' section, this review will no longer be updated. 23 April 2019 No update planned Research area no longer active Further research in this area has focused on specific preparations of arteether and artemether. Trials of these preparations are assessed as separate Cochrane Reviews
Efficacy and safety of COVID‐19 vaccines; Abstract - Background Different forms of vaccines have been developed to prevent the SARS‐CoV‐2 virus and subsequent COVID‐19 disease. Several are in widespread use globally.  Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of COVID‐19 vaccines (as a full primary vaccination series or a booster dose) against SARS‐CoV‐2. Search methods We searched the Cochrane COVID‐19 Study Register and the COVID‐19 L·OVE platform (last search date 5 November 2021). We also searched the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, regulatory agency websites, and Retraction Watch. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing COVID‐19 vaccines to placebo, no vaccine, other active vaccines, or other vaccine schedules. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence for all except immunogenicity outcomes.  We synthesized data for each vaccine separately and presented summary effect estimates with 95% confidence intervals (CIs).  Main results We included and analyzed 41 RCTs assessing 12 different vaccines, including homologous and heterologous vaccine schedules and the effect of booster doses. Thirty‐two RCTs were multicentre and five were multinational. The sample sizes of RCTs were 60 to 44,325 participants. Participants were aged: 18 years or older in 36 RCTs
Trifluoperazine versus low‐potency first‐generation antipsychotic drugs for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Antipsychotic drugs are the core treatment for schizophrenia. Treatment guidelines state that there is no difference in efficacy between any other antipsychotic compounds, however, low‐potency antipsychotic drugs are often perceived as less efficacious than high‐potency compounds by clinicians, and they also seem to differ in their side‐effects. Objectives To review the effects in response to treatment of trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics for people with schizophrenia. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Trials Register (November 2010). Selection criteria We included all randomised trials comparing trifluoperazine with first‐generation low‐potency antipsychotic drugs for people with schizophrenia or schizophrenia‐like psychosis. Data collection and analysis We extracted data independently. For dichotomous data we calculated risk ratios (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) on an intention‐to‐treat basis based on a random‐effects model. Main results The review currently includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low‐potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, sequence generation, allocation procedures and blinding were poorly reported.    Trifluoperazine was not significantly different from low‐potency antipsychotic drugs in terms of response to treatment (trifluoperazine 26%, low‐potency drug 27%, 3 RCTs, n = 120, RR 0.96 CI 0.59 to 1.56,  moderate quality evidence ). There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason (trifluoperazine 20%, low‐potency antipsychotics 16%, 3 RCTs, n = 239, RR 1.25, CI 0.72 to 2.17, low quality evidence ). There was no significant difference in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluoperazine 60%, low‐potency antipsychotics 38%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 1.60, CI 0.94 to 2.74,  moderate quality evidence ). However, at least one movement disorder was significantly more frequent in the trifluoperazine group (trifluoperazine 23%, low‐potency antipsychotics 13%, 2 RCTs, n = 123, RR 2.08 CI 0.78 to 5.55,  very low quality evidence ) as well as incoordination (trifluoperazine 20%, low‐potency antipsychotics 5%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 7.00, CI 1.60 to 30.66) and rigor (trifluoperazine 45%, low‐potency antipsychotics 10%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 4.50, CI 1.58 to 12.84). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. Authors' conclusions The results did not show a difference in efficacy between trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics. Trifluoperazine produced more movement disorders. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifluoperazine and low‐potency antipsychotics. Plain language summary Trifluoperazine versus low‐potency first‐generation drugs for schizophrenia Antipsychotic drugs are the main treatment for schizophrenia, they help people cope with symptoms such as hearing voices, seeing things and having strange beliefs. Guidelines state that there is no difference in effectiveness between antipsychotics, but low‐potency antipsychotic drugs are often seen as less effective than high‐potency drugs, and they also seem to differ in side‐effects. The classification into high‐potency and low‐potency medication means that low‐potency antipsychotic drugs need higher doses for treating the symptoms of schizophrenia. Side‐effects that are common to most high‐potency antipsychotic drugs include the movement disorders such as uncontrollable movements of the face, arms, or legs
Uterotonic agents for first‐line treatment of postpartum haemorrhage: a network meta‐analysis; Abstract - Background Postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), defined as a blood loss of 500 mL or more after birth, is the leading cause of maternal death worldwide. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that all women giving birth should receive a prophylactic uterotonic agent. Despite the routine administration of a uterotonic agent for prevention, PPH remains a common complication causing one‐quarter of all maternal deaths globally. When prevention fails and PPH occurs, further administration of uterotonic agents as 'first‐line' treatment is recommended. However, there is uncertainty about which uterotonic agent is best for the 'first‐line' treatment of PPH. Objectives To identify the most effective uterotonic agent(s) with the least side‐effects for PPH treatment, and generate a meaningful ranking among all available agents according to their relative effectiveness and side‐effect profile. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (5 May 2020), and the reference lists of all retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials or cluster‐randomised trials comparing the effectiveness and safety of uterotonic agents with other uterotonic agents for the treatment of PPH were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed all trials for inclusion, extracted data and assessed each trial for risk of bias. Our primary outcomes were additional blood loss of 500 mL or more after recruitment to the trial until cessation of active bleeding and the composite outcome of maternal death or severe morbidity. Secondary outcomes included blood loss‐related outcomes, morbidity outcomes, and patient‐reported outcomes. We performed pairwise meta‐analyses and indirect comparisons, where possible, but due to the limited number of included studies, we were unable to conduct the planned network meta‐analysis. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results Seven trials, involving 3738 women in 10 countries, were included in this review. All trials were conducted in hospital settings. Randomised women gave birth vaginally, except in one small trial, where women gave birth either vaginally or by caesarean section. Across the seven trials (14 trial arms) the following agents were used: six trial arms used oxytocin alone
Rapid tests for the diagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis in patients with suspected disease; Abstract - Background The diagnosis of visceral leishmaniasis (VL) in patients with fever and a large spleen relies on showing  Leishmania  parasites in tissue samples and on serological tests. Parasitological techniques are invasive, require sophisticated laboratories, consume time, or lack accuracy. Recently, rapid diagnostic tests that are easy to perform have become available. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of rapid tests for diagnosing VL in patients with suspected disease presenting at health services in endemic areas. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, CIDG SR, CENTRAL, SCI‐expanded, Medion, Arif, CCT, and the WHO trials register on 3 December 2013, without applying language or date limits. Selection criteria This review includes original, phase III, diagnostic accuracy studies of rapid tests in patients clinically suspected to have VL. As reference standards, we accepted: (1) direct smear or culture of spleen aspirate
Perioperative systemic nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in women undergoing breast surgery; Abstract - Background Breast surgery encompasses oncologic, reconstructive, and cosmetic procedures. With the recent focus on the over‐prescribing of opioids in the literature, it is important to assess the effectiveness and safety of non‐opioid pain medication regimens including nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or NSAID pain medications. Clinicians have differing opinions on the safety of perioperative (relating to, occurring in, or being the period around the time of a surgical operation) NSAIDs for breast surgery given the unclear risk/benefit ratio. NSAIDs have been shown to decrease inflammation, pain, and fever, while potentially increasing the risks of bleeding complications. Objectives To assess the effects of perioperative NSAID use versus non‐NSAID analgesics (other pain medications) in women undergoing any form of breast surgery. Search methods The Cochrane Breast Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Breast Cancer Group (CBCG) Specialized Register, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, The WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and Clinicaltrials.gov registries to 21 September 2020. Full articles were retrieved for potentially eligible trials. Selection criteria We considered all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) looking at perioperative NSAID use in women undergoing breast surgery. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies, extracted data and assessed risk of bias, and certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. The main outcomes were incidence of breast hematoma within 90 days (requiring reoperation, interventional drainage, or no treatment) of breast surgery and pain intensity 24 hours following surgery, incidence rate or severity of postoperative nausea, vomiting or both, bleeding from any location within 90 days, need for blood transfusion, other side effects of NSAID use, opioid use within 24 hours of surgery, length of hospital stay, breast cancer recurrence, and non‐prescribed NSAID use. Data were presented as risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous outcomes and standardized mean differences (SMDs) for continuous outcomes. Main results We included 12 RCTs with a total of 1596 participants. Seven studies compared NSAIDs (ketorolac, diclofenac, flurbiprofen, parecoxib and celecoxib) to placebo. Four studies compared NSAIDs (ketorolac, flurbiprofen, ibuprofen, and celecoxib) to other analgesics (morphine, hydrocodone, hydromorphone, fentanyl). One study compared NSAIDs (diclofenac) to no intervention. NSAIDs compared to placebo Most outcomes are judged to have low‐certainty evidence unless stated otherwise. There may be little to no difference in the incidence of breast hematomas within 90 days of breast surgery (RR 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.05 to 2.02
Enzyme replacement therapy for Anderson‐Fabry disease; Abstract - Background Anderson‐Fabry disease is an X‐linked defect of glycosphingolipid metabolism. Progressive renal insufficiency is a major source of morbidity, additional complications result from cardio‐ and cerebro‐vascular involvement. Survival is reduced among affected males and symptomatic female carriers. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2010, and previously updated in 2013. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of enzyme replacement therapy compared to other interventions, placebo or no interventions, for treating Anderson‐Fabry disease. Search methods We searched the Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Inborn Errors of Metabolism Trials Register (date of the most recent search: 08 July 2016). We also searched 'Clinical Trials' on  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS (date of the most recent search: 24 September 2015). Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials of agalsidase alfa or beta in participants diagnosed with Anderson‐Fabry disease. Data collection and analysis Two authors selected relevant trials, assessed methodological quality and extracted data. Main results Nine trials comparing either agalsidase alfa or beta in 351 participants fulfilled the selection criteria. Both trials comparing agalsidase alfa to placebo reported on globotriaosylceramide concentration in plasma and tissue
Intravenous immunoglobulin for treating sepsis, severe sepsis and septic shock; Abstract - Background Mortality from sepsis and septic shock remains high. Results of trials on intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIG) as adjunctive therapy for sepsis have been conflicting. This is an update of a Cochrane review that was originally published in 1999 and updated in 2002 and 2010. Objectives To estimate the effects of IVIG as adjunctive therapy in patients with bacterial sepsis or septic shock on mortality, bacteriological failure rates, and duration of stay in hospital. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 6), MEDLINE (1966 to December 2012), and EMBASE (1988 to December 2012). We contacted investigators in the field for unpublished data. The original search was performed in 1999 and updated in 2002 and 2008. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials comparing IVIG (monoclonal or polyclonal) with placebo or no intervention in patients of any age with bacterial sepsis or septic shock. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed the studies for inclusion and undertook methodologic quality assessment and data abstraction. We conducted pre‐specified subgroup analyses by type of immunoglobulin preparation. Main results We included 43 studies that met our inclusion criteria in this updated review out of 88 potentially eligible studies. The studies included a large polyclonal IVIG trial in neonates that was concluded in 2011 and classified as ongoing in the 2010 version of this review. Pooled analysis of polyclonal and monoclonal IVIG was not done due to clinical heterogeneity. Subgroup analysis of 10 polyclonal IVIG trials (n = 1430) and seven trials on IgM‐enriched polyclonal IVIG (n = 528) showed significant reductions in mortality in adults with sepsis compared to placebo or no intervention (relative risk (RR) 0.81
Opioids for acute pancreatitis pain; Abstract - Background Acute pancreatitis is an acute inflammatory process of the pancreas that may also involve adjacent tissues and/or remote organ systems. Abdominal pain is the main symptom and is usually accompanied by nausea, vomiting and fever. Opoids are commonly used to manage pain in acute pancreatitis but there are still some uncertainties about their clinical effectiveness and safety. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of opioids for treating acute pancreatitis pain. Search methods The search strategy included the Cochrane Upper Gastrointestinal and Pancreatic Diseases Review Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library  (2013, Issue 6), MEDLINE (from 1950 to June 2013) and EMBASE (from 1980 to June 2013). There were no restrictions by language or publication status. Selection criteria We considered randomised clinical trials (RCTs) assessing the effectiveness of any opioid drug used for treating acute pancreatitis pain. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed risks of bias and extracted data. We estimated risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous data and calculated a 95% confidence interval (CI) for each RR. We performed an intention‐to‐treat (ITT) analysis. We undertook meta‐analysis for some outcomes. Main results We included five RCTs with a total of 227 participants (age range 23 to 76 years
Fluphenazine (oral) versus placebo for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Fluphenazine is one of the first drugs to be classed as an 'antipsychotic' and has been widely available for five decades. Objectives To compare the effects of oral fluphenazine with placebo for the treatment of schizophrenia. To evaluate any available economic studies and value outcome data. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group’s Trials Register (23 July 2013, 23 December 2014, 9 November 2016 and 28 December 2017 ) which is based on regular searches of CINAHL, BIOSIS, AMED, EMBASE, PubMed, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and registries of clinical trials. There is no language, date, document type, or publication status limitations for inclusion of records in the register. Selection criteria We sought all randomised controlled trials comparing oral fluphenazine with placebo relevant to people with schizophrenia. Primary outcomes of interest were global state and adverse effects. Data collection and analysis For the effects of interventions, a review team inspected citations and abstracts independently, ordered papers and re‐inspected and quality assessed trials. We extracted data independently. Dichotomous data were analysed using fixed‐effect risk ratio (RR) and the 95% confidence interval (CI). Continuous data were excluded if more than 50% of people were lost to follow‐up, but, where possible, mean differences (MD) were calculated. Economic studies were searched and reliably selected by an economic review team to provide an economic summary of available data. Where no relevant economic studies were eligible for inclusion, the economic review team valued the already‐included effectiveness outcome data to provide a rudimentary economic summary. Main results From over 1200 electronic records of 415 studies identified by our initial search and this updated search, we excluded 48 potentially relevant studies and included seven trials published between 1964 and 1999 that randomised 439 (mostly adult participants). No new included trials were identified for this review update. Compared with placebo, global state outcomes of 'not improved or worsened' were not significantly different in the medium term in one small study (n = 50, 1 RCT, RR 1.12 CI 0.79 to 1.58,  very low quality of evidence ). The risk of relapse in the long term was greater in two small studies in people receiving placebo (n = 86, 2 RCTs, RR 0.39 CI 0.05 to 3.31,  very   low quality of evidence ), however with high degree of heterogeneity in the results. Only one person allocated fluphenazine was reported in the same small study to have died on long‐term follow‐up (n = 50, 1 RCT, RR 2.38 CI 0.10 to 55.72,  low quality of evidence ). Short‐term extrapyramidal adverse effects were significantly more frequent with fluphenazine compared to placebo in two other studies for the outcomes of akathisia (n = 227, 2 RCTs, RR 3.43 CI 1.23 to 9.56,  moderate quality of evidence ) and rigidity (n = 227, 2 RCTs, RR 3.54 CI 1.76 to 7.14,  moderate quality of evidence ). For economic outcomes, we valued outcomes for relapse and presented them in additional tables. Authors' conclusions The findings in this review confirm much that clinicians and recipients of care already know, but they provide quantification to support clinical impression. Fluphenazine's global position as an effective treatment for psychoses is not threatened by the outcome of this review. However, fluphenazine is an imperfect treatment and if accessible, other inexpensive drugs less associated with adverse effects may be an equally effective choice for people with schizophrenia. Plain language summary Fluphenazine versus Placebo for Schizophrenia Review question:  Is fluphenazine effective for the treatment of schizophrenia compared with placebo? Background Fluphenazine is one of the first drugs to be classed as an 'antipsychotic' and has been widely available for decades. Searching for evidence We updated the electronic search in December 2017 for trials that randomised people with schizophrenia to receive oral fluphenazine or placebo. No new studies were found to be added in this update. Evidence found Seven trials met the review requirements and provided useable data.The evidence currently available is of poor quality and suggests that whilst fluphenazine is a potent and effective antipsychotic, it has considerable side effects. Conclusions Antipsychotic drugs are the first line and mainstay of treatment for schizophrenia. They help to effectively treat psychotic symptoms such as hearing voices and seeing things (hallucinations) and having strange beliefs (delusions). Fluphenazine was one of the first antipsychotics and has been available for around 50 years. Fluphenazine is inexpensive and in developing countries, may be one of the only drug treatments available. In most of Europe and North America, despite still being available, the arrival of newer antipsychotic drugs has reduced the use of fluphenazine and its market share. Fluphenazine has debilitating side effects, including: dizziness
Heated, humidified air for the common cold; Abstract - Background Heated, humidified air has long been used by people with the common cold. The theoretical basis is that steam may help congested mucus drain better and that heat may destroy the cold virus as it does in vitro. This is an update of a review last published in 2013. Objectives To assess the effects of inhaling heated water vapour (steam) in the treatment of the common cold by comparing symptoms, viral shedding, and nasal resistance. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (to February 2017), MEDLINE (1966 to 24 February 2017), Embase (1990 to 24 February 2017), and Current Contents (1998 to 24 February 2017). We also searched World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) (8 March 2017) and ClinicalTrials.gov (8 March 2017) as well as reference lists of included studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials using heated water vapour in participants with the common cold or experimentally induced common cold were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Three review authors independently screened titles and abstracts for inclusion of potential studies identified from the search. We recorded the selection process in sufficient detail to complete a PRISMA flow diagram. We used a data collection form for study characteristics and outcome data that was developed and used for previous versions of this review. Two review authors independently extracted data, and a third review author resolved any disagreements. We used Review Manager 5 software to analyse data. Main results We included six trials from five publications involving a total of 387 participants. We included no new studies in this 2017 update. The 'Risk of bias' assessment suggested an unclear risk of bias in the domain of randomisation and a low risk of bias in performance, detection, attrition, and reporting. It was uncertain whether heated, humidified air provides symptomatic relief for the common cold, as the fixed‐effect analysis showed evidence of an effect (odds ratio (OR) 0.30, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 0.56
Antibody therapies for lymphoma in children; Abstract - Background Lymphomas are the third most common malignancy in childhood. Cure rates are high but have reached a plateau. Therefore new treatment modalities should be developed. Antibody therapy is a successful new treatment option in adult lymphoma. However, none of the therapeutic antibodies available for adults with cancer have been approved for treatment of paediatric lymphoma. Objectives To assess the efficacy of antibody therapy for childhood lymphoma in terms of survival, response and relapse rates, compared with therapy not including antibody treatment. To assess quality of life and the occurrence of adverse effects caused by antibody therapy treatment in children compared with therapy not including antibody treatment. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, 2014, Issue 10), MEDLINE in PubMed (from 1945 to October 2014), EMBASE in EMBASE.com (from 1980 to October 2014) and reference lists of relevant articles. Furthermore, we searched conference proceedings abstracts of SIOP, ASCO and ASH for studies from 2009 to 2013), and the World Health Organization (WHO) ICTRP portal and ClinicalTrials.gov for ongoing trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and controlled clinical trials comparing conventional therapy with antibody therapy in children with lymphoma. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently performed the study selection. Main results We found no studies meeting the inclusion criteria of the review. Authors' conclusions At this moment, it is not possible to draw evidence‐based conclusions regarding clinical practice. Phase I and II studies show a positive effect of using antibody therapy in childhood lymphoma. Further research is needed to evaluate and implement antibody therapy for paediatric lymphoma. Plain language summary Antibody therapies for lymphoma in children Review question The objective of this review was to assess the efficacy of the treatment of lymphoma in children with antibody therapy in terms of survival, relapse rates and response to treatment, compared with therapy not including antibody treatment. Furthermore, it aimed to evaluate the effects of antibody therapy on quality of life and side effects. Background Lymphomas are the third most common cancer of childhood. They are cancer of the lymphatic system, which is part of the immune system and protects the body from infection. They often present as painless masses, accompanied by signs and symptoms resulting from local compression, as well as other signs and symptoms, such as fever and weight loss. Cure rates are high, exceeding 80%, but over the past years a plateau has been reached. Furthermore, cure rates for recurrent disease are dramatically lower. The long term effects of chemotherapy (chemicals used to treat cancer) are of great concern. Therefore, new treatments must be developed. Antibodies are produced by our bodies to help fight infection. Treatment with antibodies (antibody therapy) is a successful new treatment option in adults with lymphoma. However, none of the therapeutic antibodies available for adults with cancer have been approved for treatment of paediatric lymphomas. Monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise specific proteins on the surface of our body's cells. This binding could be used as a therapy for cancer. Binding of the antibody could result in direct cell death, or could mark the cells that need to be cleared by our body using the immune system. Search date 8 October 2014. Study characteristics We included only studies comparing the use of antibody therapy to the standard care in identical groups of children. Study funding sources We included no studies in our analysis. Key results We found no studies. The authors analysed 27 publications investigating the safety and tolerability of two antibody therapies, rituximab and brentuximab vedotin, in children with various types of lymphoma. These trials indicated that antibody therapy is safe to use in children and is well tolerated. Furthermore, there seems to be a positive effect on survival rates. To further evaluate the effects randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) must be performed. Use of statistics We performed no analyses. Quality of the evidence We found no studies.
Intraperitoneal chemotherapy for the initial management of primary epithelial ovarian cancer; Abstract - Background Ovarian cancer tends to be chemosensitive and confine itself to the surface of the peritoneal cavity for much of its natural history. These features have made it an obvious target for intraperitoneal (IP) chemotherapy. Chemotherapy for ovarian cancer is usually given as an intravenous (IV) infusion repeatedly over five to eight cycles. Intraperitoneal chemotherapy is given by infusion of the chemotherapeutic agent directly into the peritoneal cavity. There are biological reasons why this might increase the anticancer effect and reduce some systemic adverse effects in comparison to IV therapy. Objectives To determine if adding a component of the chemotherapy regime into the peritoneal cavity affects overall survival, progression‐free survival, quality of life (QOL) and toxicity in the primary treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer. Search methods We searched the Gynaecological Cancer Review Group's Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) Issue 2, 2011, MEDLINE (1951 to May 2011) and EMBASE (1974 to May 2011). We updated these searches in February 2007, August 2010, May 2011 and September 2015. In addition, we handsearched and cascade searched the major gynaecological oncology journals up to May 2011. Selection criteria The analysis was restricted to randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing women with a new diagnosis of primary epithelial ovarian cancer, of any FIGO stage, following primary cytoreductive surgery. Standard IV chemotherapy was compared with chemotherapy that included a component of IP administration. Data collection and analysis We extracted data on overall survival, disease‐free survival, adverse events and QOL and performed meta‐analyses of hazard ratios (HR) for time‐to‐event variables and relative risks (RR) for dichotomous outcomes using RevMan software. Main results Nine randomised trials studied 2119 women receiving primary treatment for ovarian cancer. We considered six trials to be of high quality. Women were less likely to die if they received an IP component to chemotherapy (eight studies, 2026 women
Vaccines for preventing malaria (blood‐stage); Abstract - Background A malaria vaccine is needed because of the heavy burden of mortality and morbidity due to this disease. This review describes the results of trials of blood (asexual)‐stage vaccines. Several are under development, but only one (MSP/RESA, also known as Combination B) has been tested in randomized controlled trials. Objectives To assess the effect of blood‐stage malaria vaccines in preventing infection, disease, and death. Search methods In March 2006, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL ( The Cochrane Library  2006, Issue 1), MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and the Science Citation Index. We also searched conference proceedings and reference lists of articles, and contacted organizations and researchers in the field. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing blood‐stage vaccines (other than SPf66) against  P. falciparum ,  P. vivax ,  P. malariae , or  P. ovale  with placebo, control vaccine, or routine antimalarial control measures in people of any age receiving a challenge malaria infection. Data collection and analysis Both authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Results for dichotomous data were expressed as risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants were included
Antifungal therapies for allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis in people with cystic fibrosis; Abstract - Background Allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) is an allergic reaction to colonisation of the lungs with the fungus  Aspergillus fumigatus,  and affects around 10% of people with cystic fibrosis. ABPA is associated with an accelerated decline in lung function. High doses of corticosteroids are the main treatment for ABPA
Polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies for treating acute rejection episodes in kidney transplant recipients; Abstract - Background Registry data shows that the incidence of acute rejection has been steadily falling. Approximately 10% to 35% of kidney recipients will undergo treatment for at least one episode of acute rejection within the first post‐transplant year. Treatment options include pulsed steroid therapy, the use of an antibody preparation, the alteration of background immunosuppression, or combinations of these options. Over recent years, new treatment strategies have evolved, and in many parts of the world there has been an increase in use of tacrolimus and mycophenolate and a reduction in the use of cyclosporin and azathioprine use as baseline immunosuppression to prevent acute rejection. There are also global variations in use of polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies to treat acute rejection. This is an update of a review published in 2006. Objectives The aim of this systematic review was to: (1) to evaluate the relative and absolute effects of different classes of antibody preparation in preventing graft loss and resolving cellular or humoral rejection episodes when used as a treatment for first episode of rejection in kidney transplant recipients
Wolbachia ‐carrying   Aedes mosquitoes for preventing dengue infection; Abstract - Background Dengue is a global health problem of high significance, with 3.9 billion people at risk of infection. The geographic expansion of dengue virus (DENV) infection has resulted in increased frequency and severity of the disease, and the number of deaths has increased in recent years.  Wolbachia , an intracellular bacterial endosymbiont, has been under investigation for several years as a novel dengue‐control strategy. Some dengue vectors ( Aedes  mosquitoes) can be transinfected with specific strains of  Wolbachia,  which decreases their fitness (ability to survive and mate) and their ability to reproduce, inhibiting the replication of dengue. Both laboratory and field studies have demonstrated the potential effect of  Wolbachia  deployments on reducing dengue transmission, and modelling studies have suggested that this may be a self‐sustaining strategy for dengue prevention, although long‐term effects are yet to be elucidated. Objectives To assess the efficacy of  Wolbachia ‐carrying  Aedes  species deployments (specifically  w Mel ‐ ,  w MelPop ‐ , and  w AlbB‐ strains of  Wolbachia ) for preventing dengue virus infection. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, four other databases, and two trial registries up to 24 January 2024. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including cluster‐randomized controlled trials (cRCTs), conducted in dengue endemic or epidemic‐prone settings were eligible. We sought studies that investigated the impact of  Wolbachia‐ carrying  Aedes  deployments on epidemiological or entomological dengue‐related outcomes, utilizing either the population replacement or population suppression strategy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected eligible studies, extracted data, and assessed the risk of bias using the Cochrane RoB 2 tool. We used odds ratios (OR) with the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CI) as the effect measure for dichotomous outcomes. For count/rate outcomes, we planned to use the rate ratio with 95% CI as the effect measure. We used adjusted measures of effect for cRCTs. We assessed the certainty of evidence using GRADE. Main results One completed cRCT met our inclusion criteria, and we identified two further ongoing cRCTs. The included trial was conducted in an urban setting in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. It utilized a nested test‐negative study design, whereby all participants aged three to 45 years who presented at healthcare centres with a fever were enrolled in the study provided they had resided in the study area for the previous 10 nights. The trial showed that  w Mel‐ Wolbachia  infected  Ae aegypti  deployments probably reduce the odds of contracting virologically confirmed dengue by 77% (OR 0.23, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.35
Surgical versus non‐surgical management for pleural empyema; Abstract - Background Empyema refers to pus in the pleural space, commonly due to adjacent pneumonia, chest wall injury, or a complication of thoracic surgery. A range of therapeutic options are available for its management, ranging from percutaneous aspiration and intercostal drainage to video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) or thoracotomy drainage. Intrapleural fibrinolytics may also be administered following intercostal drain insertion to facilitate pleural drainage. There is currently a lack of consensus regarding optimal treatment. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of surgical versus non‐surgical treatments for complicated parapneumonic effusion or pleural empyema. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2016, Issue 9), MEDLINE (Ebscohost) (1946 to July week 3 2013, July 2015 to October 2016) and MEDLINE (Ovid) (1 May 2013 to July week 1 2015), Embase (2010 to October 2016), CINAHL (1981 to October 2016) and LILACS (1982 to October 2016) on 20 October 2016. We searched ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform for ongoing studies (December 2016). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials that compared a surgical with a non‐surgical method of management for all age groups with pleural empyema. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data, and checked the data for accuracy. We contacted trial authors for additional information. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 391 participants. Six trials focused on children and two on adults. Trials compared tube thoracostomy drainage (non‐surgical), with or without intrapleural fibrinolytics, to either VATS or thoracotomy (surgical) for the management of pleural empyema. Assessment of risk of bias for the included studies was generally unclear for selection and blinding but low for attrition and reporting bias. Data analyses compared thoracotomy versus tube thoracostomy and VATS versus tube thoracostomy. We pooled data for meta‐analysis where appropriate. We performed a subgroup analysis for children along with a sensitivity analysis for studies that used fibrinolysis in non‐surgical treatment arms. The comparison of open thoracotomy versus thoracostomy drainage included only one study in children, which reported no deaths in either treatment arm. However, the trial showed a statistically significant reduction in mean hospital stay of 5.90 days for those treated with primary thoracotomy. It also showed a statistically significant reduction in procedural complications for those treated with thoracotomy compared to thoracostomy drainage. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for length of hospital stay and procedural complications outcomes to moderate due to the small sample size. The comparison of VATS versus thoracostomy drainage included seven studies, which we pooled in a meta‐analysis. There was no statistically significant difference in mortality or procedural complications between groups. This was true for both adults and children with or without fibrinolysis. However, mortality data were limited: one study reported one death in each treatment arm, and seven studies reported no deaths. There was a statistically significant reduction in mean length of hospital stay for those treated with VATS. The subgroup analysis showed the same result in adults, but there was insufficient evidence to estimate an effect for children. We could not perform a separate analysis for fibrinolysis for this outcome because all included studies used fibrinolysis in the non‐surgical arms. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low for mortality (due to wide confidence intervals and indirectness), and moderate for other outcomes in this comparison due to either high heterogeneity or wide confidence intervals. Authors' conclusions Our findings suggest there is no statistically significant difference in mortality between primary surgical and non‐surgical management of pleural empyema for all age groups. Video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery may reduce length of hospital stay compared to thoracostomy drainage alone. There was insufficient evidence to assess the impact of fibrinolytic therapy. A number of common outcomes were reported in the included studies that were not directly examined in our primary and secondary outcomes. These included duration of chest tube drainage, duration of fever, analgesia requirement, and total cost of treatment. Future studies focusing on patient‐centred outcomes, such as patient functional scores, and other clinically relevant outcomes, such as radiographic improvement, treatment failure rates, and amount of fluid drainage, are needed to inform clinical decisions. Plain language summary Surgical versus non‐surgical treatment for pus in the space around the lungs Review question We investigated if there was a difference in outcomes for patients who develop pus in the space around the lungs (empyema) among those who had surgical treatment and people who had non‐surgical treatment. We looked for differences in proportions of children and adults who survived, time in hospital, and complications from treatments. Background Pus can form in the space around the lungs as a result of pneumonia, complication of chest wall trauma, or surgery. Solid divisions, called loculations, can form within the pus. The infection does not usually improve with antibiotic treatment alone. There are several surgical and non‐surgical treatments. Non‐surgical treatments include draining pus using a needle inserted through the chest wall (thoracentesis) or by inserting a tube through the chest wall to drain infection (thoracostomy). If a chest tube is inserted, drugs can be injected into the space around the lungs to break down the divisions. This is called fibrinolysis. Non‐surgical treatments can cause harms, including air in the space around the lungs, damage to chest tissue, or lungs filling with fluid as they re‐expand. Surgical treatment involves either opening the chest cavity and clearing out the infection (thoracotomy) or clearing out infection through small cuts on the chest wall with the aid of a camera, known as video‐assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS). A chest tube drains any fluids after surgery. Risks from surgery include air in the space around the lungs, rib pain, and anaesthetic complications. Search date The evidence is current to October 2016. Study characteristics We included eight trials with a total of 391 participants. Six trials focused on children and two on adults. The trials compared chest tube drainage (non‐surgical), with or without fibrinolysis, to either VATS or thoracotomy (surgical). Study funding sources Two studies declared no financial conflicts of interest
Chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy plus radiotherapy for adults with early stage Hodgkin lymphoma; Abstract - Background Combined modality treatment consisting of chemotherapy followed by localised radiotherapy is the standard treatment for patients with early stage Hodgkin lymphoma (HL). However, due to long‐ term adverse effects such as secondary malignancies the role of radiotherapy has been questioned recently and some clinical study groups advocate chemotherapy only for this indication. Objectives To assess the effects of chemotherapy alone compared to chemotherapy plus radiotherapy in adults with early stage HL . Search methods For the or i ginal version of this review, we searched MEDLINE, Embase and CENTRAL as well as conference proceedings (American Society of Hematology, American Society of Clinical Oncology and International Symposium of Hodgkin Lymphoma) from January 1980 to November 2010 for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing chemotherapy alone versus chemotherapy regimens plus radiotherapy. For the updated review we searched MEDLINE, CENTRAL and conference proceedings to December 2016. Selection criteria We included RCTs comparing chemotherapy alone with chemotherapy plus radiotherapy in patients with early stage HL. We excluded trials with more than 20% of patients in advanced stage. As the value of radiotherapy in addition to chemotherapy is still not clear, we also compared to more cycles of chemotherapy in the control arm. In this updated review, we also included a second comparison evaluating trials with varying numbers of cycles of chemotherapy between intervention and control arms, same chemotherapy regimen in both arms assumed. We excluded trials evaluating children only, therefore only trials involving adults are included in this updated review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. We contacted study authors to obtain missing information. As effect measures we used hazard ratios (HR) for overall survival (OS) and progression‐free survival (PFS) and risk ratios (RR) for response rates. Since not all trials reported PFS according to our definitions, we evaluated all similar outcomes (e.g. event‐free survival) as PFS/tumour control. Main results Our search led to 5518 potentially relevant references. From these, we included seven RCTs in the analyses involving 2564 patients. In contrast to the first version of this review including five trials, we excluded trials randomising children. As a result, we excluded one trial from the former analyses and we identified three new trials. Five trials with 1388 patients compared the combination of chemotherapy alone and chemotherapy plus radiotherapy, with the same number of chemotherapy cycles in both arms. The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy has probably little or no difference on OS (HR 0.48
Antibiotics to prevent complications following tooth extractions; Abstract - Background The most frequent indications for tooth extractions, generally performed by general dental practitioners, are dental caries and periodontal infections. Systemic antibiotics may be prescribed to patients undergoing extractions to prevent complications due to infection. This is an update of a review first published in 2012. Objectives To determine the effect of systemic antibiotic prophylaxis on the prevention of infectious complications following tooth extractions. Search methods Cochrane Oral Health’s Information Specialist searched the following databases: Cochrane Oral Health Trials Register (to 16 April 2020), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (the Cochrane Library, 2020, Issue 3), MEDLINE Ovid (1946 to 16 April 2020), Embase Ovid (1980 to 16 April 2020), and LILACS (1982 to 16 April 2020). The US National Institutes of Health Trials Registry (ClinicalTrials.gov )  and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform were searched for ongoing trials. No restrictions were placed on the language or date of publication when searching the electronic databases. Selection criteria We included randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled trials of systemic antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing tooth extraction(s) for any indication. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently performed data extraction and 'Risk of bias' assessment for the included studies. We contacted trial authors for further details where these were unclear. For dichotomous outcomes, we calculated risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using random‐effects models. For continuous outcomes, we used mean differences (MD) with 95% CI using random‐effects models. We examined potential sources of heterogeneity. We assessed the certainty of the body of evidence for key outcomes as high, moderate, low, or very low, using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 23 trials that randomised approximately 3206 participants (2583 analysed) to prophylactic antibiotics or placebo. Although general dentists perform dental extractions because of severe dental caries or periodontal infection, only one of the trials evaluated the role of antibiotic prophylaxis in groups of patients affected by those clinical conditions. We assessed 16 trials as being at high risk of bias, three at low risk, and four as unclear.  Compared to placebo, antibiotics may reduce the risk of postsurgical infectious complications in patients undergoing third molar extractions by approximately 66% (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.64
Sildenafil citrate for erectile dysfunction in patients with multiple sclerosis; Abstract - Background Erectile dysfunction (ED) is a common sexual disease in male patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Sildenafil citrate is considered as an effective drug in the treatment of male ED in the general population, but it has not been systematically reviewed in patients with MS. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of sildenafil citrate for ED in patients with MS. Search methods We searched the Cochrane (November 2011), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library , Issue 4 of 4, 2011), MEDLINE (PubMed) (January 1966 to November 2011), EMBASE (January 1974 to November 2011) and the China Biological Medicine Database (CBM) (1979 to November 2011). We searched trials registers and conference proceedings and contacted pharmaceutical company and authors of included studies for additional data. There were no language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing sildenafil citrate with placebo or no treatment for ED in patients with MS. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected articles for inclusion, extracted data and assessed trial quality. Disagreements were resolved by discussion between review authors. Authors of included studies were contacted for additional information. Results were presented as relative risks (RR) or mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results Two randomised controlled trials involving a total of 420 patients were identified. Both trials investigated the short‐term efficacy and safety of sildenafil citrate for ED in patients with MS. Patients taking sildenafil citrate were more likely to improve their ability to achieve and maintain an erection measured by International Index of Erectile Function and achieve vaginal penetration ( (RR 1.28, 95%CI 0.92 to 1.78) and complete intercourse measured by Sexual Encounter Profile diary (RR RR 1.38, 95%CI 1.00 to 1.90). and receive A global well respond measured by Global Assessment Question (RR 2.72, 95%CI 1.40 to 5.28) was reported. One trial showed sildenafil citrate is effective in quality of life improvement, while the other trial did not find any significant difference between both groups. Both included trials were judged as high risk of attrition bias. Adverse events were also reported: the most common were headache, flushing, rhinitis, visual disturbances and dyspepsia. Two patients suffered serious adverse events: one with coronary artery disease requiring triple bypass surgery and one with a cerebrovascular accident. Authors' conclusions There is limited evidence to support sildenafil citrate as an effective treatment for ED in patients with MS. Future well designed randomised, double blinded, placebo‐controlled trials with long‐term duration are needed. Plain language summary Treatments with Viagra (Sildenafil citrate)  for erectile dysfunction in male patients aged more than 18 years old with multiple sclerosis Erectile dysfunction (ED) is a common sexual disease in male patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Viagra (Sildenafil citrate) is considered as an effective drug for  the treatment of ED in the general population, but it has not been systematically reviewed in patients with MS. This review tried to assess its efficacy and safety in patients with MS. Among the pertinent literature, two studies, involving a total of 420 ED patients with MS, were identified. Both trials compared orally administered Viagra versus placebo up to 4‐12 weeks. The authors find limited evidence to support Viagra as an effective treatment to improve erectile function and quality of life at a short‐term follow up. Adverse events were also reported: the most common were headache, flushing, rhinitis, visual disturbances and dyspepsia, but two patients suffered serious adverse events during Viagra treatment including one with coronary artery disease requiring triple bypass surgery and one with a cerebrovascular accident.
Interleukin‐2 as maintenance therapy for children and adults with acute myeloid leukaemia in first complete remission; Abstract - Background Acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) is a malignant cancer of hematopoietic stem cells. The treatment of AML consists of two treatment phases: the remission induction phase to achieve a rapid, complete remission (CR) and the consolidation phase to achieve a durable molecular remission. People in CR are at risk of AML relapse, and people with relapsed AML have poor survival prospects. Thus, there is a continuous need for treatments to further improve prognosis. Interleukin‐2 (IL‐2), an immune‐stimulatory cytokine, is an alternative to standard treatment for people with AML to maintain the efficacy after consolidation therapy. Maintenance therapy is not an integral part of the standard treatment for AML. Studies have been conducted to evaluate the efficacy of IL‐2 as maintenance therapy for people with AML in first CR, but the effect of IL‐2 is not yet fully established. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy and safety of IL‐2 as maintenance therapy for children and adults with AML who have achieved first CR and have not relapsed. Search methods We systematically searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (Cochrane Library 2015, Issue 8), MEDLINE (1950 to August 2015), EMBASE (1950 to August 2015), LILACS (1982 to August 2015), CBM (1978 to August 2015), relevant conference proceedings (2000 to 2015), and metaRegister of Controlled Trials (since inception to August 2015) of ongoing and unpublished trials. In addition, we screened the reference lists of relevant trials and reviews. Selection criteria Eligible studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IL‐2 with no treatment in people with AML who had achieved first CR and had not relapsed. We did not identify studies comparing IL‐2 versus best supportive care or maintenance chemotherapy or studies comparing IL‐2 plus maintenance chemotherapy versus maintenance chemotherapy alone. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies, extracted data with a predefined extraction form, and assessed risk of bias of included studies. We extracted data on the following outcomes: disease‐free survival, overall survival, event‐free survival, treatment‐related mortality, adverse events, and quality of life. We measured the treatment effect on time‐to‐event outcomes and dichotomous outcomes with hazard ratio (HR) and risk ratio, respectively. We used inverse‐variance method to combine HRs with fixed‐effect model unless there was significant between‐study heterogeneity. Main results We included nine RCTs with a total of 1665 participants, comparing IL‐2 with no treatment. Six studies included adult participants, and three studies included both adults and children. However, the latter three studies did not report data for children, thus we were unable to conduct subgroup analysis of children. One Chinese study did not report any outcomes of interest for this review. We included six trials involving 1426 participants in the meta‐analysis on disease‐free survival, and included five trials involving 1355 participants in the meta‐analysis on overall survival. There is no evidence for difference between IL‐2 group and no‐treatment group regarding disease‐free survival (HR 0.95
Skin care interventions in infants for preventing eczema and food allergy; Abstract - Background Eczema and food allergy are common health conditions that usually begin in early childhood and often occur in the same people. They can be associated with an impaired skin barrier in early infancy. It is unclear whether trying to prevent or reverse an impaired skin barrier soon after birth is effective for preventing eczema or food allergy. Objectives Primary objective To assess the effects of skin care interventions such as emollients for primary prevention of eczema and food allergy in infants. Secondary objective To identify features of study populations such as age, hereditary risk, and adherence to interventions that are associated with the greatest treatment benefit or harm for both eczema and food allergy. Search methods We performed an updated search of the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase in September 2021. We searched two trials registers in July 2021. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews, and scanned conference proceedings to identify further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs).  Selection criteria We included RCTs of skin care interventions that could potentially enhance skin barrier function, reduce dryness, or reduce subclinical inflammation in healthy term (> 37 weeks) infants (≤ 12 months) without pre‐existing eczema, food allergy, or other skin condition. Eligible comparisons were standard care in the locality or no treatment. Types of skin care interventions could include moisturisers/emollients
Systemic corticosteroids for acute otitis media in children; Abstract - Background Acute otitis media (AOM) is a common acute infection in children. Pain is its most prominent and distressing symptom. Antibiotics are commonly prescribed for AOM, although they have only a modest effect in reducing pain at two to three days. There is insufficient evidence for benefits of other treatment options, including systemic corticosteroids. However, systemic corticosteroids are potent anti‐inflammatory drugs, and so theoretically could be effective, either alone or as an addition to antibiotics. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic corticosteroids (oral or parenteral), with or without antibiotics, for AOM in children. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) which contains the Cochrane ARI Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase (Elsevier), CINAHL (EBSCO), Web of Science (Thomson Reuters), and LILACS (BIREME) for published studies, and ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) for completed and ongoing studies, to 20 February 2018. We checked the reference lists of all primary studies and review articles for additional references and contacted experts in the field to identify additional unpublished materials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of children with AOM that compared any systemic corticosteroid (oral or parenteral) with placebo, either with antibiotics (corticosteroid plus antibiotic versus placebo plus antibiotic) or without antibiotics (corticosteroid versus placebo). Data collection and analysis Three review authors (EDS, RR, YP) independently screened the titles and abstracts and retrieved the full texts of potentially relevant studies. We independently extracted study characteristics and outcome data from the included studies, and assessed the risk of bias for each study using the criteria outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions.  We assessed study quality using the GRADE method. Main results We included two studies involving 252 children with AOM aged from three months to six years receiving hospital ambulatory care who were treated with intramuscular ceftriaxone, and who were then randomised to the corticosteroid group (corticosteroid and corticosteroid plus antihistamine) or the placebo group (antihistamine and double placebo). In one study, children also had a needle aspiration of middle ear fluid. Both studies were at unclear risk of bias for allocation concealment, and unclear to high risk of bias for selective reporting. One study (N = 179) included pain as an outcome, but we were unable to derive the proportion of children with persistent pain at Day 5 and Day 14. Reduction of overall or specific symptoms was presented as improvement in clinical symptoms and resolution of inflamed tympanic membranes without the need for additional antibiotic treatment: at Day 5 (94% of children in the treatment group (N = 89) versus 89% in the placebo group (N = 90)
Prophylactic drug management for febrile seizures in children; Abstract - Background Febrile seizures occurring in a child older than one month during an episode of fever affect 2‐4% of children in Great Britain and the United States and recur in 30%. Rapid‐acting antiepileptics and antipyretics given during subsequent fever episodes have been used to avoid the adverse effects of continuous antiepileptic drugs. This is an updated version of a Cochrane Review previously published in 2017. Objectives To evaluate primarily the effectiveness and safety of antiepileptic and antipyretic drugs used prophylactically to treat children with febrile seizures
Effects of all‐trans retinoic acid (ATRA) in addition to chemotherapy for adults with acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) (non‐acute promyelocytic leukaemia (non‐APL)); Abstract - Background Acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) is the most common acute leukaemia affecting adults. Most patients diagnosed with AML are at advanced age and present with co‐morbidities, so that intensive therapy such as stem cell transplantation (SCT) is impossible to provide or is accompanied by high risks for serious adverse events and treatment‐related mortality. Especially for these patients, it is necessary to find out whether all‐trans retinoic acid (ATRA), an intermediate of vitamin A inducing terminal differentiation of leukaemic cell lines, added to chemotherapy confers increased benefit or harm when compared with the same chemotherapy alone. Objectives This review aims to determine benefits and harms of ATRA in addition to chemotherapy compared to chemotherapy alone for adults with AML (not those with acute promyelocytic leukaemia (non‐APL)). Search methods We searched the Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, study registries and relevant conference proceedings up to July 2018 for randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We also contacted experts for unpublished data. Selection criteria We included RCTs comparing chemotherapy alone with chemotherapy plus ATRA in patients with all stages of AML. We excluded trials if less than 80% of participants were adults or participants with AML, and if no subgroup data were available. Patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) were included, if they had a refractory anaemia and more than 20% of blasts. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the quality of trials. We contacted study authors to obtain missing information. We used hazard ratios (HR) for overall survival (OS) and disease‐free survival (DFS
Interventions for non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy; Abstract - Background Non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy is the implantation of an embryo at a site lying outside the uterine cavity or fallopian tubes. Sites include a caesarean scar, the cornua uteri, the ovary, the cervix, and the abdomen. There has been an increasing trend in the occurrence of these rare conditions, especially caesarean scar pregnancy (CSP). Objectives To evaluate the clinical effectiveness and safety of surgery, medical treatment, and expectant management of non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy in terms of fertility outcomes and complications. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility (CGF) Group Specialised Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization (WHO) search portal and nine other databases to 12 December 2019. We handsearched reference lists of articles retrieved and contacted experts in the field to obtain additional data. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in all languages that examined the effects and safety of surgery, medical treatment, and expectant management of non‐tubal ectopic pregnancy. Data collection and analysis We used Cochrane standard methodological procedures. Primary outcomes were treatment success and complications. Main results We included five RCTs with 303 women, all reporting Caesarean scar pregnancy. Two compared uterine arterial embolization (UAE) or uterine arterial chemoembolization (UACE) plus methotrexate (MTX) versus systemic MTX and subsequent dilation and suction curettage
Corticosteroids for dengue infection; Abstract - Background Dengue is a common and important mosquito‐borne viral infection. In many low‐ and middle‐income countries it is endemic and is an important public health problem. Severe dengue is an important cause of death in children. There is no specific treatment for dengue, but observational studies suggest corticosteroids may have a benefit in dengue‐related shock, and some people believe corticosteroids may prevent the progression to severe illness if given early in the course of the illness. Objectives To compare treatment of dengue with and without use of corticosteroids or placebo in relation to preventing shock‐related death and disease progression in children and adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Infectious Disease Group Centralized Register
Blood transfusions for treating acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease; Abstract - Background Sickle cell disease is an inherited autosomal recessive blood condition and is one of the most prevalent genetic blood diseases worldwide. Acute chest syndrome is a frequent complication of sickle cell disease, as well as a major cause of morbidity and the greatest single cause of mortality in children with sickle cell disease. Standard treatment may include intravenous hydration, oxygen as treatment for hypoxia, antibiotics to treat the infectious cause and blood transfusions may be given. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2010 and updated in 2016. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of blood transfusions, simple and exchange, for treating acute chest syndrome by comparing improvement in symptoms and clinical outcomes against standard care. Search methods We searched The Cochrane Cystic Fibrosis and Genetic Disorders Group's Haemoglobinopathies Trials Register, which comprises references identified from comprehensive electronic database searches and handsearching of relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. Date of the most recent search: 30 May 2019. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing either simple or exchange transfusion versus standard care (no transfusion) in people with sickle cell disease suffering from acute chest syndrome. Data collection and analysis Both authors independently selected trials and assessed the risk of bias, no data could be extracted. Main results One trial was eligible for inclusion in the review. While in the multicentre trial 237 people were enrolled (169 SCC, 42 SC, 15 Sβ⁰‐thalassaemia, 11Sβ + ‐thalassaemia)
Antibiotics for preventing suppurative complications from undifferentiated acute respiratory infections in children under five years of age; Abstract - Background Undifferentiated acute respiratory infections (ARIs) are a large and heterogeneous group of infections not clearly restricted to one specific part of the upper respiratory tract, which last for up to seven days. They are more common in pre‐school children in low‐income countries and are responsible for 75% of the total amount of prescribed antibiotics in high‐income countries. One possible rationale for prescribing antibiotics is the wish to prevent bacterial complications. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of antibiotics in preventing bacterial complications in children aged two months to 59 months with undifferentiated ARIs. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 7), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1950 to August week 1, 2015) and EMBASE (1974 to August 2015). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs comparing antibiotic prescriptions with placebo or no treatment in children aged two months to 59 months with an undifferentiated ARI for up to seven days. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted and analysed data using the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Main results We identified four trials involving 1314 children. Three trials investigated the use of amoxicillin/clavulanic acid to prevent otitis and one investigated ampicillin to prevent pneumonia. The use of amoxicillin/clavulanic acid compared to placebo to prevent otitis showed a risk ratio (RR) of 0.70 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.45 to 1.11, three trials, 414 selected children, moderate‐quality evidence). Methods of random sequence generation and allocation concealment were not clearly stated in two trials. Performance, detection and reporting bias could not be ruled out in three trials. Ampicillin compared to supportive care (continuation of breastfeeding, clearing of the nose and paracetamol for fever control) to prevent pneumonia showed a RR of 1.05 (95% CI 0.74 to 1.49, one trial, 889 selected children, moderate‐quality evidence). The trial was non‐blinded. Random sequence generation and allocation concealment methods were not clearly stated, so the possibility of reporting bias could not be ruled out. Harm outcomes could not be analysed as they were expressed only in percentages. We found no studies assessing mastoiditis, quinsy, abscess, meningitis, hospital admission or death. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence for antibiotic use as a means of reducing the risk of otitis or pneumonia in children up to five years of age with undifferentiated ARIs. Further high‐quality research is needed to provide more definitive evidence of the effectiveness of antibiotics in this population. Plain language summary Antibiotics for common respiratory infections with unclear causes and undifferentiated symptoms in children up to five years of age Review question   Do antibiotics prevent more severe infections in children up to five years old with common upper acute respiratory infections (ARIs)? Background   Common upper ARIs are a large and varied groups of infections. They occur in any part of the upper respiratory system, last for up to seven days and have a wide variety of causes. They may lead to complications such as ear, throat and sinus infections. More common in pre‐school children, they are the most frequent reason for parents to seek medical assistance. Furthermore, they are responsible for 75% of the total prescribed antibiotics in high‐income countries. One possible rationale for prescribing antibiotics is the wish to prevent bacterial complications. Methods   This review focuses on the use of antibiotics to prevent clinical bacterial complications in children up to five years of age with common and undifferentiated ARIs. This is an update of a review previously published in 2014. The evidence is current to August 2015. In this update we retrieved 616 new studies, but none met our inclusion criteria. Studies characteristics   We included four trials (1314 children) in this review. Three trials (414 children, during seven days) investigated the use of an antibiotic (amoxicillin/clavulanic acid) to prevent otitis media. One trial (889 children, during two weeks) investigated the use of another antibiotic (ampicillin) to prevent pneumonia. Only one trial addressed harms. However, we could not analyse the data as it was expressed in percentages rather then absolute terms. No studies assessed other severe complications (mastoiditis, quinsy, abscess, meningitis), hospital admission or death. Key results   Current evidence does not provide support for the use of antibiotics to prevent otitis media and pneumonia in children up to five years of age with common upper ARIs. Quality of the evidence   In the trials treating otitis media, the quality of the evidence was moderate as the methods for avoiding bias were not clearly stated. Furthermore, in one trial a pharmaceutical company prepared the placebo syrup used in the trial. In the study treating pneumonia, we classified the quality of the evidence as moderate, because the families previously knew if their children were receiving antibiotics or not. Furthermore, the methods for avoiding bias were not clearly stated by the trial authors. Further high‐quality research is needed to provide more definitive evidence of the effectiveness of antibiotics in this population.
Hepatitis B immunisation in persons not previously exposed to hepatitis B or with unknown exposure status; Abstract - Background The benefits and harms of hepatitis B vaccination in persons not previously exposed to hepatitis B infection or with unknown exposure status have not been established. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of hepatitis B vaccination in people not previously exposed to hepatitis B infection or with unknown exposure status. Search methods Trials were identified from The  Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register , the  Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE ,  LILACS, Science Citation Index Expanded  (last search, March 2007). Additionally, we contacted experts and vaccine manufacturers, and read through reference lists for eligible trials. Selection criteria Randomised clinical trials comparing hepatitis B vaccine versus placebo, no intervention, or another vaccine in persons not previously exposed to hepatitis B (HBsAg negative) or with unknown exposure status. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome was hepatitis B infection (detecting HBsAg, HBeAg, HBV DNA, or anti‐HBc). Secondary outcomes were lack of sero‐protection, antibody titre, clinical complications, adverse events, lack of compliance, and cost‐effectiveness. Dichotomous outcomes were reported as relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI), using intention‐to‐treat analysis assuming an unfavourable event for missing data. Sensitivity analyses based on methodological quality (risk of bias), available data analysis, intention‐to‐treat analysis assuming a favourable event for missing data, best‐case scenario, and worst‐case scenario were conducted. Main results Twelve trials were eligible. All had high risk of bias and reporting was inconsistent. Hepatitis B vaccine did not show a clear effect on the risk of developing HBsAg (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.03, 4 trials, 1230 participants) and anti‐HBc (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.07
Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists for kidney transplant recipients; Abstract - Background Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists (IL2Ra) are used as induction therapy for prophylaxis against acute rejection in kidney transplant recipients. Use of IL2Ra has increased steadily since their introduction, but the proportion of new transplant recipients receiving IL2Ra differs around the globe, with 27% of new kidney transplant recipients in the United States, and 70 %  in Australasia receiving IL2Ra in 2007. Objectives To systematically identify and summarise the effects of using an IL2Ra, as an addition to standard therapy, or as an alternative to another immunosuppressive induction strategy. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group’s specialised register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE and EMBASE to identify new records, and authors of included reports were contacted for clarification where necessary. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in all languages comparing IL2Ra to placebo, no treatment, other IL2Ra or other antibody therapy. Data collection and analysis Data was extracted and assessed independently by two authors, with differences resolved by discussion. Dichotomous outcomes are reported as relative risk (RR) and continuous outcomes as mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included 71 studies (306 reports, 10,520 participants). Where IL2Ra were compared with placebo (32 studies
Chemotherapy for children with medulloblastoma; Abstract - Background Post‐surgical radiotherapy (RT) in combination with chemotherapy is considered as standard of care for medulloblastoma in children. Chemotherapy has been introduced to improve survival and to reduce RT‐induced adverse effects. Reduction of RT‐induced adverse effects was achieved by deleting (craniospinal) RT in very young children and by diminishing the dose and field to the craniospinal axis and reducing the boost volume to the tumour bed in older children. Objectives Primary objectives: 1. to determine the event‐free survival/disease‐free survival (EFS/DFS) and overall survival (OS) in children with medulloblastoma receiving chemotherapy as a part of their primary treatment, as compared with children not receiving chemotherapy as part of their primary treatment
Different classes of antibiotics given to women routinely for preventing infection at caesarean section; Abstract - Background Caesarean section increases the risk of postpartum infection for women and prophylactic antibiotics have been shown to reduce the incidence
Surgical techniques for uterine incision and uterine closure at the time of caesarean section; Abstract - Background Caesarean section is a common operation. Techniques vary depending on both the clinical situation and the preferences of the operator. Objectives To compare the effects of 1) different types of uterine incision, 2) methods of performing the uterine incision, 3) suture materials and technique of uterine closure (including single versus double layer closure of the uterine incision) on maternal health, infant health, and healthcare resource use. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (1 September 2013) and reference lists of all identified papers. Selection criteria All published, unpublished, and ongoing randomised controlled trials comparing various types and closure of uterine incision during caesarean section. Data collection and analysis Two review authors evaluated trials for inclusion and methodological quality without consideration of their results according to the stated eligibility criteria and extracted data independently. Main results Our search strategy identified 60 studies for consideration, of which 27 randomised trials involving 17,808 women undergoing caesarean section were included in the review. Overall, the methodological quality of the trials was variable, with 12 of the 27 included trials adequately describing the randomisation sequence, with less than half describing adequately methods of allocation concealment, and only six trials indicating blinding of outcome assessors. Two trials compared auto‐suture devices with traditional hysterotomy involving 300 women. No statistically significant difference in febrile morbidity between the stapler and conventional incision groups was apparent (risk ratio (RR) 0.92
Oral nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for fibromyalgia in adults; Abstract - Background Oral nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are widely used in the treatment of pain in fibromyalgia, despite being considered not to be effective. Objectives To assess the analgesic efficacy, tolerability (drop‐out due to adverse events), and safety (serious adverse events) of oral nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for fibromyalgia in adults. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase for randomised controlled trials from inception to January 2017. We also searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews, and online clinical trial registries. Selection criteria We included randomised, double‐blind trials of two weeks' duration or longer, comparing any oral NSAID with placebo or another active treatment for relief of pain in fibromyalgia, with subjective pain assessment by the participant. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed trial quality and potential bias. Primary outcomes were participants with substantial pain relief (at least 50% pain relief over baseline or very much improved on Patient Global Impression of Change scale (PGIC)) or moderate pain relief (at least 30% pain relief over baseline or much or very much improved on PGIC), serious adverse events, and withdrawals due to adverse events
Neuraminidase inhibitors for preventing and treating influenza in children (published trials only); Abstract - Background During epidemics, influenza attack rates in children may exceed 40%. Options for prevention and treatment currently include the neuraminidase inhibitors zanamivir and oseltamivir. Laninamivir octanoate, the prodrug of laninamivir, is currently being developed. Objectives To assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of neuraminidase inhibitors in the treatment and prevention of influenza in children. Search methods For this update we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2011, Issue 1) which includes the Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to January week 2, 2011) and EMBASE (January 2010 to January 2011). Selection criteria Double‐blind, randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing neuraminidase inhibitors with placebo or other antiviral drugs in children aged up to and including 12 years. We also included safety and tolerability data from other types of studies. Data collection and analysis Four review authors selected studies, assessed study quality and extracted data for the current and previous versions of this review. We analysed data separately for oseltamivir versus placebo, zanamivir versus placebo and laninamivir octanoate versus oseltamivir. Main results Six treatment trials involving 1906 children with clinical influenza and 450 children with influenza diagnosed on rapid near‐patient influenza testing were included. Of these 2356 children, 1255 had laboratory‐confirmed influenza. Three prophylaxis trials involving 863 children exposed to influenza were also included. In children with laboratory‐confirmed influenza oseltamivir reduced median duration of illness by 36 hours (26%, P < 0.001). One trial of oseltamivir in children with asthma who had laboratory‐confirmed influenza showed only a small reduction in illness duration (10.4 hours, 8%), which was not statistically significant (P = 0.542). Laninamivir octanoate 20 mg reduced symptom duration by 2.8 days (60%, P < 0.001) in children with oseltamivir‐resistant influenza A/H1N1. Zanamivir reduced median duration of illness by 1.3 days (24%, P < 0.001). Oseltamivir significantly reduced acute otitis media in children aged one to five years with laboratory‐confirmed influenza (risk difference (RD) ‐0.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.24 to ‐0.04). Prophylaxis with either zanamivir or oseltamivir was associated with an 8% absolute reduction in developing influenza after the introduction of a case into a household (RD ‐0.08, 95% CI ‐0.12 to ‐0.05, P < 0.001). The adverse event profile of zanamivir was no worse than placebo but vomiting was more commonly associated with oseltamivir (number needed to harm = 17, 95% CI 10 to 34). The adverse event profiles of laninamivir octanoate and oseltamivir were similar. Authors' conclusions Oseltamivir and zanamivir appear to have modest benefit in reducing duration of illness in children with influenza. However, our analysis was limited by small sample sizes and an inability to pool data from different studies. In addition, the inclusion of data from published trials only may have resulted in significant publication bias. Based on published trial data, oseltamivir reduces the incidence of acute otitis media in children aged one to five years but is associated with a significantly increased risk of vomiting. One study demonstrated that laninamivir octanoate was more effective than oseltamivir in shortening duration of illness in children with oseltamivir‐resistant influenza A/H1N1. The benefit of oseltamivir and zanamivir in preventing the transmission of influenza in households is modest and based on weak evidence. However, the clinical efficacy of neuraminidase inhibitors in 'at risk' children is still uncertain. Larger high‐quality trials are needed with sufficient power to determine the efficacy of neuraminidase inhibitors in preventing serious complications of influenza (such as pneumonia or hospital admission), particularly in 'at risk' groups. Plain language summary Neuraminidase inhibitors for preventing and treating influenza in children Influenza (true 'flu) is an infection of the airways caused by the Influenza group of viruses. Influenza occurs most commonly during winter months and can result in symptoms such as fever, cough, sore throat, headache, muscle aches and fatigue. These are usually self limiting but may persist for one to two weeks. The most common complications of influenza are secondary bacterial infections including otitis media (ear infections) and pneumonia. Influenza infection is also highly contagious and is spread from person‐to‐person by droplets produced when an infected individual coughs or sneezes. This update reviews the randomised controlled trial evidence of a class of drugs called the neuraminidase inhibitors in treating and preventing influenza in children. Neuraminidase inhibitors work against influenza by preventing viruses from being released from infected cells and subsequently infecting further cells. Oseltamivir (Tamiflu), an oral medication, and zanamivir (Relenza), an inhaled medication, are currently licensed, whilst laninamivir is undergoing Phase III clinical trials. Neuraminidase inhibitors are usually prescribed to patients presenting with flu‐like symptoms during epidemic periods to reduce symptoms or prevent spread of the virus. We included six treatment trials involving 1906 children with clinically suspected influenza and 450 children with influenza diagnosed on rapid influenza testing. Of these 2356 children, 1255 had proven influenza infection confirmed on laboratory testing. We also included three trials of neuraminidase inhibitors for the prevention of influenza, which involved 863 children who had been exposed to influenza. This review found that treatment with neuraminidase inhibitors was only associated with modest clinical benefit in children with proven influenza. Treatment with oseltamivir or zanamivir shortened the duration of illness in healthy children by about one day. One trial demonstrated that the new neuraminidase inhibitor drug laninamivir reduces duration of illness by almost three days in children with oseltamivir‐resistant influenza. The effect of neuraminidase inhibitors in preventing transmission of influenza was also modest
Antibiotics for uncomplicated diverticulitis; Abstract - Background Diverticulitis is a complication of the common condition, diverticulosis. Uncomplicated diverticulitis has traditionally been treated with antibiotics, as diverticulitis has been regarded as an infectious disease. Risk factors for diverticulitis, however, may suggest that the condition is inflammatory rather than infectious which makes the use of antibiotics questionable. Objectives The objectives of this systematic review were to determine if antibiotic treatment of uncomplicated acute diverticulitis affects the risk of complications (immediate or late) or the need for emergency surgery. Search methods For this update, a comprehensive systematic literature search was conducted in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trial Registry Platform on February 2021. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including all types of patients with a radiologically confirmed diagnosis of left‐sided uncomplicated acute diverticulitis. Comparator and interventions included antibiotics compared to no antibiotics, placebo, or to any other antibiotic treatment (different regimens, routes of administration, dosage or duration of treatment). Primary outcome measures were complications and emergency surgery. Secondary outcomes were recurrence, late complications, elective colonic resections, length of hospital stay, length to recovery of symptoms, adverse events and mortality. Data collection and analysis Two authors performed the searches, identification and assessment of RCTs and data extraction. Disagreements were resolved by discussion or involvement of the third author. Authors of trials were contacted to obtain additional data if needed or for preliminary results of ongoing trials. The Cochrane Collaboration's tool for assessing risk of bias was used to assess the methodological quality of the identified trials. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes was evaluated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Effect estimates were extracted as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals. Random‐effects meta‐analyses were performed with the Mantel‐Haenzel method. Main results The authors included five studies. Three studies compared no antibiotics to antibiotics
Strategies to increase the ownership and use of insecticide‐treated bednets to prevent malaria; Abstract - Background Malaria is a life‐threatening parasitic disease and 40% of the world's population lives in areas affected by malaria. Insecticide‐treated bednets (ITNs) effectively prevent malaria, however, barriers to their use have been identified. Objectives To assess the evidence on the effectiveness of available strategies that focus on delivery and appropriate use of ITNs. Search methods We searched the EPOC Register of Studies, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, HealthStar, CINAHL, PubMed, Science Citation Index, ProQuest Dissertations and Theses, African Index Medicus (AIM), World Health Organization Library and Information Networks for Knowledge  (WHOLIS), LILACS, Virtual Health Library (VHL), and the World Health Organization Library Information System (WHOLIS). Initial searches were conducted in May 2011, updated in March 2012 and February 2013. Authors contacted organizations and individuals involved in ITN distribution programs or research to identify current initiatives, studies or unpublished data, and searched reference lists of relevant reviews and studies. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials, non‐randomized controlled trials, controlled before‐after studies, and interrupted time series evaluating interventions focused on increasing ITN ownership and use were considered. The populations of interest were individuals in malaria‐endemic areas. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened studies to be included. They extracted data from the selected studies and assessed the risk of bias. When consensus was not reached, any disagreements were discussed with a third author. The magnitude of effect and quality of evidence for each outcome was assessed. Main results Of the 3032 records identified, 10 studies were included in this review. Effect of ITN cost on ownership: Four studies including 4566 households and another study comprising 424 participants evaluated the effect of ITN price on ownership. These studies suggest that providing free ITNs probably increases ITN ownership when compared to subsidized ITNs or ITNs offered at full market price. Effect of ITN Cost on appropriate use of ITNs: Three studies including 9968 households and another study comprising 259 individuals found that there is probably little or no difference in the use of ITNs when they are provided free, compared to providing subsidized ITNs or ITNs offered at full market price. Education: Five studies, including 12,637 households, assessed educational interventions regarding ITN use and concluded that education may increase the number of adults and children using ITNs (sleeping under ITNs) compared to no education. One study, including 519 households, assessed the effects of providing an incentive (an undisclosed prize) to promote ITN ownership and use, and found that incentives probably lead to little or no difference in ownership or use of ITNs, compared to not receiving an incentive. None of the included studies reported on adverse effects. Authors' conclusions Five studies examined the effect of price on ITN ownership and found moderate‐certainty evidence that ownership was highest among the groups who received the ITN free versus those who purchased the ITN at any cost. In economic terms, this means that demand for ITNs is elastic with regard to price. However, once the ITN is supplied, the price paid for the ITN probably has little to no effect on its use
Vitamin C for preventing and treating the common cold; Abstract - Background Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) for preventing and treating the common cold has been a subject of controversy for 70 years. Objectives To find out whether vitamin C reduces the incidence, the duration or severity of the common cold when used either as a continuous regular supplementation every day or as a therapy at the onset of cold symptoms. Search methods We searched CENTRAL 2012, Issue 11, MEDLINE (1966 to November week 3, 2012), EMBASE (1990 to November 2012), CINAHL (January 2010 to November 2012), LILACS (January 2010 to November 2012) and Web of Science (January 2010 to November 2012). We also searched the U.S. National Institutes of Health trials register and WHO ICTRP on 29 November 2012. Selection criteria We excluded trials which used less than 0.2 g per day of vitamin C and trials without a placebo comparison. We restricted our review to placebo‐controlled trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data. We assessed 'incidence' of colds during regular supplementation as the proportion of participants experiencing one or more colds during the study period. 'Duration' was the mean number of days of illness of cold episodes. Main results Twenty‐nine trial comparisons involving 11,306 participants contributed to the meta‐analysis on the risk ratio (RR) of developing a cold whilst taking vitamin C regularly over the study period. In the general community trials involving 10,708 participants, the pooled RR was 0.97 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.94 to 1.00). Five trials involving a total of 598 marathon runners, skiers and soldiers on subarctic exercises yielded a pooled RR of 0.48 (95% CI 0.35 to 0.64). Thirty‐one comparisons examined the effect of regular vitamin C on common cold duration (9745 episodes). In adults the duration of colds was reduced by 8% (3% to 12%) and in children by 14% (7% to 21%). In children, 1 to 2 g/day vitamin C shortened colds by 18%. The severity of colds was also reduced by regular vitamin C administration. Seven comparisons examined the effect of therapeutic vitamin C (3249 episodes). No consistent effect of vitamin C was seen on the duration or severity of colds in the therapeutic trials. The majority of included trials were randomised, double‐blind trials. The exclusion of trials that were either not randomised or not double‐blind had no effect on the conclusions. Authors' conclusions The failure of vitamin C supplementation to reduce the incidence of colds in the general population indicates that routine vitamin C supplementation is not justified, yet vitamin C may be useful for people exposed to brief periods of severe physical exercise. Regular supplementation trials have shown that vitamin C reduces the duration of colds, but this was not replicated in the few therapeutic trials that have been carried out. Nevertheless, given the consistent effect of vitamin C on the duration and severity of colds in the regular supplementation studies, and the low cost and safety, it may be worthwhile for common cold patients to test on an individual basis whether therapeutic vitamin C is beneficial for them. Further therapeutic RCTs are warranted. Plain language summary Vitamin C for preventing and treating the common cold The common cold is a major cause of visits to a doctor in high‐income countries and of absenteeism from work and school. There are over 200 viruses which can cause the common cold symptoms including runny nose, congestion, sneezing, sore throat, cough, and sometimes headache, fever and red eyes. Symptoms vary from person to person and cold to cold. Since the common cold is usually caused by one of the respiratory viruses, antibiotics are useless and therefore other potential treatment options are of substantial public health interest. Vitamin C has been proposed for treating respiratory infections since it was isolated in the 1930s. It became particularly popular in the 1970s when Nobel laureate Linus Pauling concluded from earlier placebo‐controlled trials that vitamin C would prevent and alleviate the common cold. Over two dozen new trials were undertaken thereafter. Vitamin C has been widely sold and used as a preventive and therapeutic agent. This review is restricted to placebo‐controlled trials testing 0.2 g/day or more of vitamin C. Regular ingestion of vitamin C had no effect on common cold incidence in the ordinary population, based on 29 trial comparisons involving 11,306 participants. However, regular supplementation had a modest but consistent effect in reducing the duration of common cold symptoms, which is based on 31 study comparisons with 9745 common cold episodes. In five trials with 598 participants exposed to short periods of extreme physical stress (including marathon runners and skiers) vitamin C halved the common cold risk. The published trials have not reported adverse effects of vitamin C. Trials of high doses of vitamin C administered therapeutically, starting after the onset of symptoms, showed no consistent effect on the duration or severity of common cold symptoms. However, only a few therapeutic trials have been carried out and none have examined children, although the effect of prophylactic vitamin C has been greater in children. One large trial with adults reported benefit from an 8 g therapeutic dose at the onset of symptoms, and two therapeutic trials using five‐day supplementation reported benefit. More trials are necessary to settle the possible role of therapeutic vitamin C, meaning administration immediately after the onset of symptoms.
Corticosteroids for tuberculous pleurisy; Abstract - Background Corticosteroids used in addition to antituberculous therapy have been reported to benefit people with tuberculous pleurisy. However, research findings are inconsistent and raise doubt as to whether such treatment is worthwhile. There is also concern regarding the potential adverse effects of corticosteroids, especially in HIV‐positive people. Objectives To evaluate the effects of adding corticosteroids to drug regimens for tuberculous pleural effusion. Search methods In April 2016, we searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, Current Controlled Trials, and the reference lists of articles identified by the literature search. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs that compared any corticosteroid with no treatment, placebo, or other active treatment (both groups should have received the same antituberculous drug regimen) in people diagnosed with tuberculous pleurisy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the search results, extracted data from the included trials, and assessed trial methodological quality using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool. We analysed the data using risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We applied the fixed‐effect model in the absence of statistically significant heterogeneity. Main results Six trials with 590 participants met the inclusion criteria, which were conducted in Asia (three trials), Africa (two trials), and Europe (one trial). Two trials were in HIV‐negative people, one trial was in HIV‐positive people, and three trials did not report HIV status. Corticosteroids may reduce the time to resolution of pleural effusion. Risk of residual pleural effusion on chest X‐ray was reduced by 45% at eight weeks (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.78
Systemic interventions for treatment of Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome; Abstract - Background Stevens‐Johnson syndrome (SJS), toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome are rare, severe cutaneous adverse reactions usually triggered by medications. In addition to tertiary‐level supportive care, various systemic therapies have been used including glucocorticoids, intravenous immunoglobulins (IVIGs), cyclosporin, N‐acetylcysteine, thalidomide, infliximab, etanercept, and plasmapheresis. There is an unmet need to understand the efficacy of these interventions. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic therapies (medicines delivered orally, intramuscularly, or intravenously) for the treatment of SJS, TEN, and SJS/TEN overlap syndrome. Search methods We searched the following databases up to March 2021: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. We also searched five clinical trial registers, the reference lists of all included studies and of key review articles, and a number of drug manufacturer websites. We searched for errata or retractions of included studies. Selection criteria We included only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and prospective observational comparative studies of participants of any age with a clinical diagnosis of SJS, TEN, or SJS/TEN overlap syndrome. We included all systemic therapies studied to date and permitted comparisons between each therapy, as well as between therapy and placebo. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures as specified by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were SJS/TEN‐specific mortality and adverse effects leading to discontinuation of SJS/TEN therapy. Secondary outcomes included time to complete re‐epithelialisation, intensive care unit length of stay, total hospital length of stay, illness sequelae, and other adverse effects attributed to systemic therapy. We rated the certainty of the evidence for each outcome using GRADE. Main results We included nine studies with a total of 308 participants (131 males and 155 females) from seven countries. We included two studies in the quantitative meta‐analysis. We included three RCTs and six prospective, controlled observational studies. Sample sizes ranged from 10 to 91. Most studies did not report study duration or time to follow‐up. Two studies reported a mean SCORe of Toxic Epidermal Necrosis (SCORTEN) of 3 and 1.9. Seven studies did not report SCORTEN, although four of these studies reported average or ranges of body surface area (BSA) (means ranging from 44% to 51%). Two studies were set in burns units, two in dermatology wards, one in an intensive care unit, one in a paediatric ward, and three in unspecified inpatient units. Seven studies reported a mean age, which ranged from 29 to 56 years. Two studies included paediatric participants (23 children). We assessed the results from one of three RCTs as low risk of bias in all domains, one as high, and one as some concerns. We judged the results from all six prospective observational comparative studies to be at a high risk of bias. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence because of serious risk of bias concerns and for imprecision due to small numbers of participants. The interventions assessed included systemic corticosteroids, tumour necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐alpha) inhibitors, cyclosporin, thalidomide, N‐acetylcysteine, IVIG, and supportive care. No data were available for the main comparisons of interest as specified in the review protocol: etanercept versus cyclosporin, etanercept versus IVIG, IVIG versus supportive care, IVIG versus cyclosporin, and cyclosporin versus corticosteroids. Corticosteroids versus no corticosteroids It is uncertain if there is any difference between corticosteroids (methylprednisolone 4 mg/kg/day for two more days after fever had subsided and no new lesions had developed) and no corticosteroids on disease‐specific mortality (risk ratio (RR) 2.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 9.03
Topical repellents for malaria prevention; Abstract - Background Insecticide‐based interventions, such as long‐lasting insecticide‐treated nets (LLINs) and indoor residual spraying (IRS), remain the backbone of malaria vector control. These interventions target mosquitoes that prefer to feed and rest indoors, but have limited capacity to prevent transmission that occurs outdoors or outside regular sleeping hours. In low‐endemicity areas, malaria elimination will require that these control gaps are addressed, and complementary tools are found. The use of topical repellents may be particularly useful for populations who may not benefit from programmatic malaria control measures, such as refugees, the military, or forest goers. This Cochrane Review aims to measure the effectiveness of topical repellents to prevent malaria infection among high‐ and non‐high‐risk populations living in malaria‐endemic regions. Objectives To assess the effect of topical repellents alone or in combination with other background interventions (long‐lasting insecticide‐treated nets, or indoor residual spraying, or both) for reducing the incidence of malaria in high‐ and non‐high‐risk populations living in endemic areas. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 11 January 2023: the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialised Register
Platinum‐based chemotherapy for early triple‐negative breast cancer; Abstract - Background Triple‐negative breast cancer (TNBC) is an aggressive subtype of breast cancer associated with shorter survival and a higher likelihood of the cancer returning. In early TNBC, platinum‐based chemotherapy has been shown to improve pathological complete response (pCR)
Taxanes for adjuvant treatment of early breast cancer; Abstract - Background Adjuvant chemotherapy improves survival in premenopausal and postmenopausal women with early breast cancer. Taxanes are highly active chemotherapy agents used in metastatic breast cancer. Review authors examined their role in early breast cancer. This review is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2007. Objectives To assess the effects of taxane‐containing adjuvant chemotherapy regimens for treatment of women with operable early breast cancer. Search methods For this review update, we searched the Specialised Register of the Cochrane Breast Cancer Group, MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL (2018, Issue 6), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), and ClinicalTrials.gov on 16 July 2018, using key words such as 'early breast cancer' and 'taxanes'. We screened reference lists of other related literature reviews and articles, contacted trial authors, and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing taxane‐containing regimens versus non‐taxane‐containing regimens in women with operable breast cancer were included. Studies of women receiving neoadjuvant chemotherapy were excluded. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias and quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Hazard ratios (HRs) were derived for time‐to‐event outcomes, and meta‐analysis was performed using a fixed‐effect model. The primary outcome measure was overall survival (OS)
Bisphosphonates for Paget's disease of bone in adults; Abstract - Background Bisphosphonates are considered to be the treatment of choice for people with Paget's disease of bone. However, the effects of bisphosphonates on patient‐centred outcomes have not been extensively studied. There are insufficient data to determine whether reducing and maintaining biochemical markers of bone turnover to within the normal range improves quality of life and reduces the risk of complications. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of bisphosphonates for adult patients with Paget's disease of bone. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, ISI Web of Knowledge and trials registers up to March 2017. We searched regulatory agency published information for rare adverse events. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of bisphosphonates as treatment for Paget's disease in adults. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened search results, extracted data and assessed studies for risk of bias. We used standard methodological procedures expected by The Cochrane Collaboration. Main results We included 20 trials (25 reports, 3168 participants). Of these, 10 trials (801 participants) compared bisphosphonates (etidronate, tiludronate, ibandronate, pamidronate, olpadronate, alendronate, risedronate, zoledronate) versus placebo, seven compared two bisphosphonates (992 participants), one trial compared a bisphosphonates with a bisphosphonate plus calcitonin (44 participants), and two studies, the largest trial (1331 participants) and its interventional extension study (502 participants), compared symptomatic treatment and intensive treatment where the goal was to normalise alkaline phosphatase. Most studies were assessed at low or unclear risk of bias. Six of 10 studies comparing bisphosphonates versus placebo were assessed at high risk of bias, mainly around incomplete outcome data and selective outcome reporting. Participant populations were reasonably homogeneous in terms of age (mean age 66 to 74 years) and sex (51% to 74% male). Most studies included participants who had elevated alkaline phosphatase levels whether or not bone pain was present. Mean follow‐up was six months. Bisphosphonates versus placebo Bisphosphonates tripled the proportion (31% versus 9%) of participants whose bone pain disappeared (RR 3.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.31 to 8.90
Antibiotic regimens for postpartum endometritis; Abstract - Background Postpartum endometritis occurs when vaginal organisms invade the endometrial cavity during the labor process and cause infection. This is more common following cesarean birth. The condition warrants antibiotic treatment. Objectives Systematically, to review treatment failure and other complications of different antibiotic regimens for postpartum endometritis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 November 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria We included randomized trials of different antibiotic regimens after cesarean birth or vaginal birth
Exercise prior to influenza vaccination for limiting influenza incidence and its related complications in adults; Abstract - Background Influenza is an infectious virus affecting both humans and animals. In humans, symptoms present as fever, cough, sore throat, runny nose, headache, muscle and joint pain, and malaise. The epidemiological profile of influenza is influenced by multiple factors, including transmissibility of the virus and the susceptibility of the population. Annually, influenza is estimated to infect 5% to 10% of adults, with higher rates in winter seasons in countries with seasonal variation. Exercise could be an intervention to enhance immune response and limit influenza incidence and its related complications. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of short and long‐term exercise prior to influenza vaccination in enhancing influenza prevention in adults. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2015, Issue 11), which contains the Cochrane Acute Respiratory Infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1966 to 3 November 2015), Embase (1974 to 3 November 2015), CINAHL (1981 to 3 November 2015), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences, 1982 to 3 November 2015), PEDro (1980 to 3 November 2015), SPORTDiscus (1985 to 3 November 2015), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov (November 2015). Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of short‐ and long‐term exercise prior to influenza vaccination for the general adult population were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted and checked data from the included trials using a standard form. We used the random‐effects model due to differences in the type, duration, intensity and frequency of exercise in the analysis. Main results We included six trials published between 2007 and 2014 that randomised 599 adult participants. Study size ranged from 46 to 158 participants. Participants were aged between 18 years and 80 years
Antibiotics for induction and maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Several antibiotics have been evaluated in Crohn's disease (CD), however randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have produced conflicting results. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of antibiotics for induction and maintenance of remission in CD. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, the Cochrane IBD Group Specialized Register and Clinicaltrials.gov database from inception to 28 February 2018. We also searched reference lists and conference proceedings. Selection criteria RCTs comparing antibiotics to placebo or an active comparator in adult (> 15 years) CD patients were considered for inclusion. Data collection and analysis Two authors screened search results and extracted data. Bias was evaluated using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The primary outcomes were failure to achieve clinical remission and relapse. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, endoscopic response, endoscopic remission, endoscopic relapse, histologic response, histologic remission, adverse events (AEs), serious AEs, withdrawal due to AEs and quality of life. Remission is commonly defined as a Crohn's disease activity index (CDAI) of  <  150. Clinical response is commonly defined as a decrease in CDAI from baseline of 70 or 100 points. Relapse is defined as a CDAI > 150. For studies that enrolled participants with fistulizing CD, response was defined as a 50% reduction in draining fistulas. Remission was defined as complete closure of fistulas. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and corresponding 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for dichotomous outcomes. We calculated the mean difference (MD) and corresponding 95% CI for continuous outcomes. GRADE was used to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results Thirteen RCTs (N = 1303 participants) were eligible. Two trials were rated as high risk of bias (no blinding). Seven trials were rated as unclear risk of bias and four trials were rated as low risk of bias. Comparisons included ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) versus placebo, rifaximin (800 to 2400 mg daily) versus placebo, metronidazole (400 mg to 500 mg twice daily) versus placebo, clarithromycin (1 g/day) versus placebo, cotrimoxazole (960 mg twice daily) versus placebo, ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) and metronidazole (250 mg four time daily) versus methylprednisolone (0.7 to 1 mg/kg daily), ciprofloxacin (500 mg daily), metronidazole (500 mg daily) and budesonide (9 mg daily) versus placebo with budesonide (9 mg daily), ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) versus mesalazine (2 g twice daily), ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) with adalimumab versus placebo with adalimumab, ciprofloxacin (500 mg twice daily) with infliximab versus placebo with infliximab, clarithromycin (750 mg daily) and antimycobacterial versus placebo, and metronidazole (400 mg twice daily) and cotrimoxazole (960 mg twice daily) versus placebo. We pooled all antibiotics as a class versus placebo and antibiotics with anti‐tumour necrosis factor (anti‐TNF) versus placebo with anti‐TNF. The effect of individual antibiotics on CD was generally uncertain due to imprecision. When we pooled antibiotics as a class, 55% (289/524) of antibiotic participants failed to achieve remission at 6 to 10 weeks compared with 64% (149/231) of placebo participants (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.76 to 0.98
Systemic antibiotics for symptomatic apical periodontitis and acute apical abscess in adults; Abstract - Background Dental pain can have a detrimental effect on quality of life. Symptomatic apical periodontitis and acute apical abscess are common causes of dental pain and arise from an inflamed or necrotic dental pulp, or infection of the pulpless root canal system. Clinical guidelines recommend that the first‐line treatment for these conditions should be removal of the source of inflammation or infection by local operative measures, and that systemic antibiotics are currently only recommended for situations where there is evidence of spreading infection (cellulitis, lymph node involvement, diffuse swelling) or systemic involvement (fever, malaise). Despite this, there is evidence that dentists frequently prescribe antibiotics in the absence of these signs. There is concern that this could contribute to the development of antibiotic‐resistant bacteria. This review is the second update of the original version first published in 2014. Objectives To evaluate the effects of systemic antibiotics provided with or without surgical intervention (such as extraction, incision and drainage of a swelling, or endodontic treatment), with or without analgesics, for symptomatic apical periodontitis and acute apical abscess in adults. Search methods We searched Cochrane Oral Health's Trials Register (26 February 2018 (discontinued)), CENTRAL (2022, Issue 10), MEDLINE Ovid (23 November 2022), Embase Ovid (23 November 2022), CINAHL EBSCO (25 November 2022) and two trials registries, and performed a grey literature search. There were no restrictions on language or date of publication. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of systemic antibiotics in adults with a clinical diagnosis of symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess, with or without surgical intervention (considered in this situation to be extraction, incision and drainage, or endodontic treatment) and with or without analgesics. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the results of the searches against inclusion criteria, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We used a fixed‐effect model in the meta‐analysis as there were fewer than four studies. We contacted study authors to request missing information. We used GRADE criteria to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results There was one new completed trial on this topic since the last update in 2018. In total, we included three trials with 134 participants. Systemic antibiotics versus placebo with surgical intervention and analgesics for symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess One trial (72 participants) compared the effects of a single preoperative dose of clindamycin versus a matched placebo when provided with a surgical intervention (endodontic chemo‐mechanical debridement and filling) and analgesics to adults with symptomatic apical periodontitis. We assessed this study at low risk of bias. There were no differences in participant‐reported pain or swelling across trial arms at any time point assessed. The median values for pain (numerical rating scale 0 to 10) were 3.0 in both groups at 24 hours (P = 0.219)
Radiofrequency (thermal) ablation versus no intervention or other interventions for hepatocellular carcinoma; Abstract - Background Hepatocellular carcinoma is the fifth most common cancer worldwide. Percutaneous interventional therapies, such as radiofrequency (thermal) ablation (RFA), have been developed for early hepatocellular carcinoma. RFA competes with other interventional techniques such as percutaneous ethanol injection, surgical resection, and liver transplantation. The potential benefits and harms of RFA compared with placebo, no intervention, chemotherapy, hepatic resection, liver transplantation, or other interventions are unclear. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of RFA versus placebo, no intervention, or any other therapeutic approach in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ,  MEDLINE, EMBASE, and ISI Web of Science to September 2012. We handsearched meeting abstracts from ASCO, ESMO, AASLD, EASL, APASL, and references of articles. We also contacted researchers in the field (last search September 2012). Selection criteria We considered for inclusion randomised clinical trials investigating the effects of RFA versus placebo, no intervention, or any other therapeutic approach on hepatocellular carcinoma patients regardless of blinding, language, and publication status. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed the selection of trials, assessment of risk of bias, and data extraction. We contacted principal investigators for missing information. We analysed hazard ratios (HR) as relevant effect measures for overall survival, two‐year survival, event‐free survival, and local recurrences with 95% confidence intervals (CI). In addition, we analysed dichotomous survival outcomes using risk ratios (RR). We used trial sequential analysis to control the risk of random errors ('play of chance'). Main results We identified no trials comparing RFA versus placebo, no intervention, or liver transplantation. We identified and included 11 randomised clinical trials with 1819 participants that included four comparisons: RFA versus hepatic resection (three trials, 578 participants)
Corticosteroids as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of influenza; Abstract - Background Specific treatments for influenza are limited to neuraminidase inhibitors and adamantanes. Corticosteroids show evidence of benefit in sepsis and related conditions, most likely due to their anti‐inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. Although commonly prescribed for severe influenza, there is uncertainty over their potential benefits or harms. This is an update of a review first published in 2016. Objectives To systematically assess the effectiveness and potential adverse effects of corticosteroids as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of influenza, taking into account differences in timing and doses of corticosteroids. Search methods We searched CENTRAL (2018, Issue 9), which includes the Cochrane Acute Respiratory infections Group's Specialised Register, MEDLINE (1946 to October week 1, 2018), Embase (1980 to 3 October 2018), CINAHL (1981 to 3 October 2018), LILACS (1982 to 3 October 2018), Web of Science (1985 to 3 October 2018), abstracts from the last three years of major infectious disease and microbiology conferences, and references of included articles. We also searched the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the ISRCTN registry on 3 October 2018. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐RCTs, and observational studies that compared corticosteroid treatment with no corticosteroid treatment for influenza or influenza‐like illness. We did not restrict studies by language of publication, influenza subtypes, clinical setting, or age of participants. We selected eligible studies in two stages: sequential examination of title and abstract, followed by full text. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We pooled estimates of effect using a random‐effects model, where appropriate. We assessed heterogeneity using the I 2  statistic and assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE framework. Main results This updated review includes 30 studies (one RCT with two arms and 29 observational studies) with a total of 99,224 participants. We included 19 studies in the original review (n = 3459), all of which were observational, with 13 studies included in the meta‐analysis for mortality. We included 12 new studies in this update (one RCT and 11 observational studies), and excluded one study in the original review as it has been superceded by a more recent analysis. Twenty‐one studies were included in the meta‐analysis (9536 individuals), of which 15 studied people infected with 2009 influenza A H1N1 virus (H1N1pdm09). Data specific to mortality were of very low quality, based predominantly on observational studies, with inconsistent reporting of variables potentially associated with the outcomes of interest, differences between studies in the way in which they were conducted, and with the likelihood of potential confounding by indication. Reported doses of corticosteroids used were high, and indications for their use were not well reported. On meta‐analysis, corticosteroid therapy was associated with increased mortality (odds ratio (OR) 3.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.31 to 6.60
Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid for induction of remission in ulcerative colitis; Abstract - Background Oral 5‐aminosalicylic acid (5‐ASA) preparations were intended to avoid the adverse effects of sulfasalazine (SASP) while maintaining its therapeutic benefits. It was previously found that 5‐ASA drugs in doses of at least 2 g/day were more effective than placebo but no more effective than SASP for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis (UC). This review is an update of a previously published Cochrane Review. Objectives To assess the efficacy, dose‐responsiveness and safety of oral 5‐ASA compared to placebo, SASP, or 5‐ASA comparators (i.e. other formulations of 5‐ASA) for induction of remission in active UC. A secondary objective was to compare the efficacy and safety of once‐daily dosing of oral 5‐ASA versus conventional dosing regimens (two or three times daily). Search methods We searched MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Library on 11 June 2019. We also searched references, conference proceedings and study registers to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We considered randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including adults (aged 18 years or more) with active UC for inclusion. We included studies that compared oral 5‐ASA therapy with placebo, SASP, or other 5‐ASA formulations. We also included studies that compared once‐daily to conventional dosing as well as dose‐ranging studies. Data collection and analysis Outcomes include failure to induce global/clinical remission, global/clinical improvement, endoscopic remission, endoscopic improvement, adherence, adverse events (AEs), serious adverse events (SAEs), withdrawals due to AEs, and withdrawals or exclusions after entry. We analyzed five comparisons: 5‐ASA versus placebo, 5‐ASA versus sulfasalazine, once‐daily dosing versus conventional dosing, 5‐ASA (e.g. MMX mesalamine, Ipocol, Balsalazide, Pentasa, Olsalazine and 5‐ASA micropellets) versus comparator 5‐ASA (e.g. Asacol, Claversal, Salofalk), and 5‐ASA dose‐ranging. We calculated the risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. We analyzed data on an intention‐to‐treat basis, and used GRADE to assess the overall certainty of the evidence. Main results We include 54 studies (9612 participants). We rated most studies at low risk of bias. Seventy‐one per cent (1107/1550) of 5‐ASA participants failed to enter clinical remission compared to 83% (695/837) of placebo participants (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.82 to 0.89
Zinc for prevention and treatment of the common cold; Abstract - Background The common cold is an acute, self‐limiting viral respiratory illness. Symptoms include nasal congestion and mucus discharge, sneezing, sore throat, cough, and general malaise. Given the frequency of colds, they are a public health burden and a significant cause of lost work productivity and school absenteeism. There are no established interventions to prevent colds or shorten their duration. However, zinc supplements are commonly recommended and taken for this purpose. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of zinc for the prevention and treatment of the common cold. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and LILACS to 22 May 2023, and searched Web of Science Core Collection and two trials registries to 14 June 2023. We also used reference checking, citation searching, and contact with study authors to identify additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in children or adults that tested any form of zinc against placebo to prevent or treat the common cold or upper respiratory infection (URTI). We excluded zinc interventions in which zinc was combined with other minerals, vitamins, or herbs (e.g. a multivitamin, or mineral supplement containing zinc). Data collection and analysis We used the Cochrane risk of bias tool to assess risks of bias, and GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. We independently extracted data. When necessary, we contacted study authors for additional information. We assessed zinc (type and route) with placebo in the prevention and treatment of the common cold. Primary outcomes included the proportion of participants developing colds (for analyses of prevention trials only), duration of cold (measured in days from start to resolution of the cold), adverse events potentially due to zinc supplements (e.g. unpleasant taste, loss of smell, vomiting, stomach cramps, and diarrhoea), and adverse events considered to be potential complications of the common cold (e.g. respiratory bacterial infections). Main results We included 34 studies (15 prevention, 19 treatment) involving 8526 participants. Twenty‐two studies were conducted on adults and 12 studies were conducted on children. Most trials were conducted in the USA (n = 18), followed by India, Indonesia, Iran, and Turkey (two studies each), and Australia, Burkina Faso, Colombia, Denmark, Finland, Tanzania, Thailand, and the UK (one study each). The 15 prevention studies identified the condition as either common cold (n = 8) or URTI (n = 7). However, almost all therapeutic studies (17/19) focused on the common cold. Most studies (17/34) evaluated the effectiveness of zinc administered as lozenges (3 prevention
Adenoidectomy for recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms in children; Abstract - Background Adenoidectomy, surgical removal of the adenoids, is a common ENT operation worldwide in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms. A systematic review on the effectiveness of adenoidectomy in this specific group has not previously been performed. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of adenoidectomy versus non‐surgical management in children with recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Trials Register
Alpha‐blockers after shock wave lithotripsy for renal or ureteral stones in adults; Abstract - Background Shock wave lithotripsy (SWL) is a widely used method to treat renal and ureteral stone. It fragments stones into smaller pieces that are then able to pass spontaneously down the ureter and into the bladder. Alpha‐blockers may assist in promoting the passage of stone fragments, but their effectiveness remains uncertain.  Objectives To assess the effects of alpha‐blockers as adjuvant medical expulsive therapy plus usual care compared to placebo and usual care or usual care alone in adults undergoing shock wave lithotripsy for renal or ureteral stones. Search methods We performed a comprehensive literature search of the Cochrane Library, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, MEDLINE, Embase, several clinical trial registries and grey literature for published and unpublished studies irrespective of language. The date of the most recent search was 27 February 2020. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials of adults undergoing SWL. Participants in the intervention group had to have received an alpha‐blocker as adjuvant medical expulsive therapy plus usual care. For the comparator group, we considered studies in which participants received placebo. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies for inclusion/exclusion, and performed data abstraction and risk of bias assessment. We conducted meta‐analysis for the identified dichotomous and continuous outcomes using RevManWeb according to Cochrane methods using a random‐effects model. We judged the certainty of evidence on a per outcome basis using GRADE. Main results We included 40 studies with 4793 participants randomized to usual care and an alpha‐blocker versus usual care alone. Only four studies were placebo controlled. The mean age of participants was 28.6 to 56.8 years and the mean stone size prior to SWL was 7.1 mm to 13.2 mm. The most widely used alpha‐blocker was tamsulosin
Transfusion of red blood cells stored for shorter versus longer duration for all conditions; Abstract - Background Red blood cell (RBC) transfusion is a common treatment for anaemia in many conditions. The safety and efficacy of transfusing RBC units that have been stored for different durations before a transfusion is a current concern. The duration of storage for a RBC unit can be up to 42 days. If evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCT) were to indicate that clinical outcomes are affected by storage duration, the implications for inventory management and clinical practice would be significant. Objectives To assess the effects of using red blood cells (RBCs) stored for a shorter versus a longer duration, or versus RBCs stored for standard practice duration, in people requiring a RBC transfusion. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, PubMed (for epublications), LILACS, Transfusion Evidence Library, Web of Science CPCI‐S and four international clinical trial registries on 20 November 2017. Selection criteria We included RCTs that compared transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration, or versus standard practice storage duration. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Main results We included 22 trials (42,835 participants) in this review. The GRADE quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate for our primary outcome of in‐hospital and short‐term mortality reported at different time points. Transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration Eleven trials (2249 participants) compared transfusion of RBCs of shorter versus longer storage duration. Two trials enrolled low birth weight neonates, two enrolled children with severe anaemia secondary to malaria or sickle cell disease, and eight enrolled adults across a range of clinical settings (intensive care, cardiac surgery, major elective surgery, hospitalised in‐patients, haematology outpatients). We judged only two trials to be at low risk of bias across all domains
Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests for leptospirosis; Abstract - Background Early diagnosis of leptospirosis may contribute to the effectiveness of antimicrobial therapy and early outbreak recognition. Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests have the potential for early diagnosis of leptospirosis. With this systematic review, we assessed the sensitivity and specificity of nucleic acid and antigen detection tests. Objectives To determine the diagnostic test accuracy of nucleic acid and antigen detection tests for the diagnosis of human symptomatic leptospirosis. Search methods We searched electronic databases including MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and regional databases from inception to 6 July 2018. We did not apply restrictions to language or time of publication. Selection criteria We included diagnostic cross‐sectional studies and case‐control studies of tests that made use of nucleic acid and antigen detection methods in people suspected of systemic leptospirosis. As reference standards, we considered the microscopic agglutination test alone (which detects antibodies against leptospirosis) or in a composite reference standard with culturing or other serological tests. Studies were excluded when the controls were healthy individuals or when there were insufficient data to calculate sensitivity and specificity. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently extracted data from each study. We used the revised Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies tool (QUADAS‐2) to assess risk of bias. We calculated study‐specific values for sensitivity and specificity with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and pooled the results in a meta‐analysis when appropriate. We used the bivariate model for index tests with one positivity threshold, and we used the hierarchical summary receiver operating characteristic model for index tests with multiple positivity thresholds. As possible sources of heterogeneity, we explored: timing of index test, disease prevalence, blood sample type, primers or target genes, and the real‐time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) visualisation method. These were added as covariates to the meta‐regression models. Main results We included 41 studies evaluating nine index tests (conventional PCR (in short: PCR), real‐time PCR, nested PCR, PCR performed twice, loop‐mediated isothermal amplification, enzyme‐linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), dot‐ELISA, immunochromatography‐based lateral flow assay, and dipstick assay) with 5981 participants (1834 with and 4147 without leptospirosis). Methodological quality criteria were often not reported, and the risk of bias of the reference standard was generally considered high. The applicability of findings was limited by the frequent use of frozen samples. We conducted meta‐analyses for the PCR and the real‐time PCR on blood products. The pooled sensitivity of the PCR was 70% (95% CI 37% to 90%) and the pooled specificity was 95% (95% CI 75% to 99%). When studies with a high risk of bias in the reference standard domain were excluded, the pooled sensitivity was 87% (95% CI 44% to 98%) and the pooled specificity was 97% (95% CI 60% to 100%). For the real‐time PCR, we estimated a summary receiver operating characteristic curve. To illustrate, a point on the curve with 85% specificity had a sensitivity of 49% (95% CI 30% to 68%). Likewise, at 90% specificity, sensitivity was 40% (95% CI 24% to 59%) and at 95% specificity, sensitivity was 29% (95% CI 15% to 49%). The median specificity of real‐time PCR on blood products was 92%. We did not formally compare the diagnostic test accuracy of PCR and real‐time PCR, as direct comparison studies were lacking. Three of 15 studies analysing PCR on blood products reported the timing of sample collection in the studies included in the meta‐analyses (range 1 to 7 days postonset of symptoms), and nine out of 16 studies analysing real‐time PCR on blood products (range 1 to 19 days postonset of symptoms). In PCR studies, specificity was lower in settings with high leptospirosis prevalence. Other investigations of heterogeneity did not identify statistically significant associations. Two studies suggested that PCR and real‐time PCR may be more sensitive on blood samples collected early in the disease stage. Results of other index tests were described narratively. Authors' conclusions The validity of review findings are limited and should be interpreted with caution. There is a substantial between‐study variability in the accuracy of PCR and real‐time PCR, as well as a substantial variability in the prevalence of leptospirosis. Consequently, the position of PCR and real‐time PCR in the clinical pathway depends on regional considerations such as disease prevalence, factors that are likely to influence accuracy, and downstream consequences of test results. There is insufficient evidence to conclude which of the nucleic acid and antigen detection tests is the most accurate. There is preliminary evidence that PCR and real‐time PCR are more sensitive on blood samples collected early in the disease stage, but this needs to be confirmed in future studies. Plain language summary How accurate are nucleic and antigen detection tests in diagnosing leptospirosis? What was studied in this review? Leptospirosis is an infectious disease, caused by bacteria called  Leptospira  that can be found in soil, freshwater, or in the infected urine of certain animals. It is mainly a problem in humid, tropical countries in Southeast Asia, and Central and South America, but it can also occur in temperate regions. Leptospirosis causes fever and headache, and in some cases kidney, lung, or heart problems. Often, the symptoms are not unique for the disease, which makes it difficult to diagnose, and is therefore frequently missed. Laboratory tests confirm diagnosis. These tests are based on demonstration of the presence of  Leptospira , its DNA, or antibodies against  Leptospira . Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests, such as conventional polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and real‐time PCR, identify the bacterium or its DNA directly in blood or urine. Nucleic acid and antigen detection tests may detect  Leptospira  better in the early days of an infection, so that people can be treated earlier with antibiotics – resulting in better outcomes – and can provide useful information in outbreak situations. In outbreak situations, nucleic acid and antigen detection tests could serve as early warning systems. What was the aim of this review? The aim was to assess how well nucleic acid and antigen tests perform in detecting leptospirosis. In other words, to assess how many mistakes these tests make by either missing people with leptospirosis or misidentifying people without leptospirosis (healthy people or people with another disease). What were the main results in this review? The review included information from 41 studies with 5981 participants. We identified nine nucleic acid and antigen detection tests, of which PCR and real‐time PCR were most often investigated. An important finding was that the accuracy of both PCR and real‐time PCR varied strongly between studies. We presented average accuracies for both tests, but there was great uncertainty around these averages. PCR often correctly identified people without leptospirosis (averaging 95 in 100 people), but frequently missed people with leptospirosis (averaging 30 in 100 people). The accuracy of the real‐time PCR depended on the cut‐off value for a positive test result. At a cut‐off value where real‐time PCR often correctly identified people without leptospirosis (averaging 95 in 100 people), it also frequently missed people with leptospirosis (averaging 71 in 100 people). If a person tests positive or negative for PCR or real‐time PCR, the chance of the person actually having the disease depends on whether the suspicion of leptospirosis in that person was already high before taking the test. So, when interpreting the results of any of these tests, one must consider the strength of suspicion of leptospirosis in an individual, and how often leptospirosis occurs in the setting in which the test will be used. It was uncertain whether PCR or real‐time PCR performed better in detecting leptospirosis, since studies directly comparing these two tests were lacking. The results of other nucleic and antigen detection tests are described in the main text of the review. How reliable were the results of the studies in this review? Not all studies were conducted according to the highest scientific standards. This means that the results of some studies may have been overestimated or underestimated. Furthermore, the tests used to verify whether a person truly had leptospirosis or not (called the reference standard) may not accurately distinguish people with or without leptospirosis. For these reasons, more high‐quality studies are needed to confirm the reliability of these results. Who do the results of this review apply to? The results may apply to people who may have leptospirosis. However, the performance of the PCR and real‐time PCR vary considerably among studies and it is yet unclear what causes this difference in performances. It is probable that the test performs better or worse depending on how prevalent leptospirosis is in the region, and depending on the time between the onset of symptoms and time of testing. Therefore, it is difficult to generalise the results of this review to all settings. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to 6 July 2018.
Infliximab for medical induction of remission in Crohn's disease; Abstract - Background Infliximab is a monoclonal antibody that binds and neutralises tumour necrosis factor‐alpha (TNF‐α), which is present in high levels in the blood serum, mucosa and stool of people with Crohn's disease. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of infliximab alone or in combination with another agent for induction of remission in Crohn's disease compared to placebo or active medical therapies. Search methods On 31 August 2021 and 4 March 2023, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, ClinicalTrials.gov and World Health Organization ICTRP. Selection criteria Randomised control trials (RCTs) comparing infliximab alone or in combination with another agent to placebo or another active comparator in adults with active Crohn's disease. Data collection and analysis Pairs of review authors independently selected studies and conducted data extraction and risk of bias assessment. We expressed outcomes as risk ratios (RR) and mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Our primary outcomes were clinical remission, clinical response and withdrawals due to adverse events. Our secondary outcomes were endoscopic remission, histological remission, endoscopic response, and serious and total adverse events. Main results The search identified 10 RCTs with 1101 participants. They were conducted between 1999 and 2019, and 7/10 RCTs included biologically naive participants. All but one RCT, which did not provide information, were multicentre and funded by pharmaceutical companies, and their authors declared conflicts. The age of the participants ranged from 26 to 65 years. Results were based on one study unless otherwise stated. Infliximab 5 mg/kg to 10 mg/kg may be more effective than placebo at week four for clinical remission (30/55 versus 3/25
Risperidone versus typical antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia; Abstract - Background Risperidone is one of the 'new generation' antipsychotics. As well as its reputed tendency to cause fewer movement disorders than the older drugs such as chlorpromazine and haloperidol, it is claimed that risperidone may improve negative symptoms. Objectives To evaluate the effects of risperidone for schizophrenia in comparison to 'conventional' neuroleptic drugs. Search methods The original electronic searches of Biological Abstracts (1980‐1997), Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register (1997), The Cochrane Library (1997, Issue 1), EMBASE (1980‐1997), MEDLINE (1966‐1997), PsycLIT (1974‐1997), and SCISEARCH (1997) were updated with a new electronic search of the same databases in 2002. The search term used in the update was identical to that used in 1997. Any new studies or relevant references were added to the review. In addition, references of all identified studies were searched for further trial citations. Pharmaceutical companies and authors of trials were also contacted. Selection criteria All randomised trials comparing risperidone to any 'conventional' neuroleptic treatment for people with schizophrenia or other similar serious mental illnesses. Data collection and analysis Citations and, where possible, abstracts were independently inspected by reviewers, papers ordered, re‐inspected and quality assessed. Data were also independently extracted. Where possible, sensitivity analyses on dose of risperidone, haloperidol and duration of illness were undertaken for the primary outcomes of clinical improvement, side effects (movement disorders) and acceptability of treatment. For homogeneous dichotomous data the Relative Risk (RR), 95% confidence interval (CI) and, where appropriate, the number needed to treat/harm (NNT/H) were calculated on an intention‐to‐treat basis. Main results In the short‐term, risperidone was more likely to produce an improvement in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) when compared with haloperidol (n=2368, 9 RCTs, RR not 20% improved 0.72 CI 0.59 to 0.88 NNT 8). A similar, favourable outcome for risperidone was found in long‐term studies (n=859, 2RCTs RR not 20% improved 0.51 CI 0.38 to 0.67 NNT 4
Metrifonate for Alzheimer's disease; Abstract - Background Metrifonate is a long‐acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor, originally used to treat schistosomiasis. Its potential to enhance central nervous system cholinergic neurotransmission led to clinical trials for the treatment of people with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Although low incidence of serious side effects occurred during short‐term use as an antihelmintic, in studies of the treatment of AD extending over six months, 20 patients experienced respiratory paralysis and problems with neuromuscular transmission. These findings have led to a halt to trials of metrifonate for AD and Bayer, the pharmaceutical company, has withdrawn its FDA application. Objectives 1) To establish the efficacy of metrifonate for patients with Alzheimer's disease, in terms of cognition, global impression, functional activity, non cognitive symptoms, rate of institutionalization and mortality.   2) To assess the safety and tolerability of metrifonate. Search methods The Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group's Specialized Register was searched on 29 February 2008 using the term metrifonat*. The CDCIG Specialized Register contains records from all major health care databases ( The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, LILACS) as well as from many trials databases and grey literature sources. One of the authors (LS), as member of the Metrifonate Study Group, has had the opportunity to contact other metrifonate trialists to obtain data from potentially non published data of metrifonate clinical trials. Selection criteria All unconfounded, randomized double‐blind clinical controlled trials comparing metrifonate to placebo in people with AD. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted by the two reviewers, cross‐checked, and pooled when appropriate and possible. Main results Most studies assessed changes in cognitive function, global function, activities of daily living, behavioural problems, severity of disease and adverse events. Occasionally the results were not reported in sufficient detail to allow extraction of data for the meta‐analyses. The treatment regimens were varied: loading doses were used in some trials. The range of maintenance doses and studies were not pooled unless the treatment regimens were considered comparable. The lengths of treatment varied from 6 to 26 weeks and studies were not pooled unless the treatment duration was similar. The results are derived from the ITT populations. Metrifonate at various doses, fixed and loading doses, was associated with significant cognitive improvement compared to placebo, except for weekly doses where there was no difference from placebo: MMSE (metrifonate 60‐80 mg/day with initial loading at 26 weeks

There are 0 Target Papers Found during the search in PubMed!
They are:

In the end, 0 Target Papers were left after filtering!
They are:

The number of target article missing is: 0
False Positive Rate: 0.6643518518518519
False Negative Rate: 0
